How will Simon Fraser University communicate my enrolment appointment date and time?

What should I do with my SFU email account to avoid missing important messages?

What could happen if I forward my SFU email to another server?

What does it mean for my student account in goSFU to be "in good standing" to be eligible to enrol?

If I have a tuition fee waiver or a School Associate Tuition Fee Certificate, which fees will I still be responsible for?

Where can I opt out of the SFSS Health and/or Dental Plan?

What proof of other group benefits do I need to provide to opt out of the SFSS Health and/or Dental Plan?

How do I view my student account after I’ve enrolled or made class changes?

When does the system recalculate my fees after I add, drop, or change classes?

When are class drop penalties calculated and posted to my account?

Where can I find detailed information about all fees for undergraduate and graduate students?

If I have a computing ID, where do I bring my statement(s) to be officially stamped?

If I don’t have a computing ID yet, how can I get my statement(s) officially stamped?

Who should I email if I have inquiries about transactions on my student account?

What happens if I have outstanding fees on my goSFU student account past the due date?

What is the monthly interest charge on outstanding balances, and what is that equivalent to per annum?

What restrictions apply if I have outstanding fees on my student account?

How do I lift the financial hold on my account?

When are accounts assessed a 2% monthly interest charge if not fully paid by the tuition payment deadline?

Where can I find the course drop deadlines?

How can I view the history of charges and payments on my goSFU account?

What steps do I follow in goSFU to access Account Inquiry and view all activity?

How can I print an official receipt for my student account summary?

What is the mailing address for Simon Fraser University?

Which Indigenous peoples’ territories does Simon Fraser University acknowledge their campuses reside on?