1. What if I am taking a course located outside Metro Vancouver and am still being charged for the U-Pass BC?
2. Why might I be eligible for the U-Pass BC Program while completing a course/co-op term outside Metro Vancouver?
3. How do I update my mailing address (including postal code) in my Student Centre at go.sfu.ca?
4. What must I do to be correctly assessed as not eligible for the U-Pass BC Program while living and studying outside Metro Vancouver?
5. How long after I update my address and course section will my U-Pass BC eligibility reflect the change?
6. When will the U-Pass BC term fee be refunded to my student account after my eligibility changes?
7. Who should I contact if I make changes after the term has commenced?
8. What happens if I change my address during the term?
9. Which communities are located within Metro Vancouver?
10. Can I claim my U-Pass BC cost on my income tax return?
11. Where can I get proof that I was charged and paid the U-Pass BC fee prior to June 2017?
12. Does TransLink have access to my personal information?
13. What personally identifiable information does SFU disclose (or not disclose) when uploading U-Pass eligibility to TransLink?
14. Why does SFU provide a portion of my student number to TransLink?
15. Are transmissions of eligibility information to TransLink encrypted?
16. In what situations will TransLink have access to my personal information (e.g., reminders)?
17. What information is required if I sign up for optional reminders from TransLink?
18. Do U-Pass BC students need to tap in and tap out at West Coast Express (WCE) stations?
19. Is WCE service included in the U-Pass BC program or do I need additional fare media?
20. How do I purchase Stored Value for my Compass Card?
21. How does my Compass Card and U-Pass BC work on HandyDART—do I need to tap in and tap out?
22. As a U-Pass BC student, what fare media do I need to provide when travelling with an attendant?
23. Why am I getting the message "Inaccessible User Role" when I try logging into upassbc.translink.ca?
24. How can I resolve an "Inaccessible User Role" error when logging into upassbc.translink.ca?
25. Why am I getting an "Insufficient Funds" error when I tap my Compass Card?
26. How can I confirm if I have a balance owing on my Compass Card?
27. How long can it take for activation of my monthly U-Pass, and how can that affect my card balance?
28. Where can I find more FAQs about TransLink services and the Compass Card?
29. Where should I direct questions about the Compass Card (contact details)?