Do you accept cryptocurrency payments?

Who is responsible for any fees related to cryptocurrency payments?

What payment options are accepted by SFU?

When will the U-Pass BC term fee be added to my student financial account?

Will payments made on the tuition deadline date incur the 2% monthly interest charge?

What proof of payment date is required to avoid the 2% monthly interest charge if I pay on the deadline?

Is Flywire available on my goSFU account for domestic and international transactions?

How long does processing through Flywire take?

What should I select as the payee and account number when using internet banking?

How many business days should I allow for internet banking payments to be reflected on my SFU student account?

Can I make a payment in person at Registrar and Information Services counters?

Which payment methods are accepted in person at RIS counters?

Are digital wallet payments (Google Pay, Apple Pay, AliPay) accepted at the RIS counters?

Can I use Flywire to set up a payment plan and pay in installments?

Will using a Flywire payment plan keep my account in good standing for the next term's enrolment?

Do payment plans exempt students from the 2% monthly interest charges?

When will unpaid balances begin to incur the 2% monthly interest charge?

Are residence and housing fee payment options separate from tuition payments?

Where can I find payment methods for residence and housing fees?

Are Visa and MasterCard accepted for online payments on goSFU?

How can I request a refund if I have overpaid?

What are the accepted forms of payment for application fees?

Are application fees refundable?

Can I use a prepaid or gift credit card to pay my application fee?

Is the admission deposit refundable or transferable?

What are the undergraduate admission deposit amounts for Canadian and international students?

How can undergraduate students pay the admission deposit?

How can graduate students pay their admission deposit and do amounts vary by program?

Why might my admission deposit initially appear under a different academic term?

How can I avoid being held responsible for outstanding tuition and fees if I decide to attend another institution?

How do I confirm my current outstanding balance on goSFU?

When are tuition fees due each term?

Why might my account still show a charge after I have sent the full payment?

Which payment method does SFU recommend for students with a Canadian bank account?

How can students outside Canada make a payment on goSFU?

Can I opt out of supplementary fees such as U-Pass BC, student activity, student services, or recreation and athletics fees?

Is the U-Pass BC program mandatory for SFSS and GSS members?

How can I apply for an exemption from the U-Pass BC program and what is the deadline?

Why are Student Services and Student Activity fees being charged for remote courses?

Who should I contact if I have questions about Student Societies services or programs?