What is My Student Support Program (My SSP)?
Who can access My SSP?
Is My SSP free and confidential?
Is My SSP available 24/7?
Is the My SSP service multilingual?
Where is My SSP available geographically?
How can I access My SSP?
Do I need a diagnosis or major concern to contact My SSP?
How do I download and set up the My SSP app?
How do I select Simon Fraser University in the My SSP app?
What kinds of support does My SSP provide (e.g., immediate support, short‑term counselling)?
Can I access live support, articles, self‑guided tools, and virtual fitness sessions through the app?
Does My SSP provide after‑hours support when Health & Counselling is closed?
How do I connect right away with someone through My SSP?
What happens during the intake process when I connect via chat or call?
Can I request a counsellor who matches my language, religion, culture, or identity?
Can I request short‑term individual counselling with continuity (the same provider)?
Can I request in‑person counselling near my home?
Can I request virtual counselling?
How will My SSP schedule my short‑term counselling sessions?
Are My SSP counsellors registered and qualified similarly to Health & Counselling counsellors?
What is the phone number to call My SSP from Canada or the U.S.?
What is the phone number to call My SSP from outside North America?
Can all SFU and FIC students connect with My SSP while traveling outside the U.S. and Canada?
How does the chat feature work when I’m abroad and what connectivity is required?
What should I do if the My SSP app is blocked by a country’s firewall?
What phone call options are available for calling My SSP while outside the U.S. or Canada?
What is a collect call option and how does it affect the call flow?
Could making calls over Wi‑Fi still result in carrier charges or use my minutes?
What troubleshooting steps are suggested if I can’t make or receive Wi‑Fi calls?
Are conversations with My SSP shared with Simon Fraser University?
What are the local campus phone numbers for Burnaby, Vancouver, and Surrey?