Who is invited to the International Student Orientation series?

What are the Welcome Guides and where can I find them?

Are there pre-arrival and post-arrival sessions in the orientation series?

Are some orientation sessions mandatory and others optional?

Do I need to obtain tickets for each event?

How do I sign up for the International Student Orientation series?

When is the Study Permit & Travel Tips virtual session?

What time is the Study Permit & Travel Tips session scheduled to start and end (PT)?

Where will the Study Permit & Travel Tips session be held?

When is the Medical Insurance for International Students virtual session?

What time is the Medical Insurance session (PT)?

Where will the Medical Insurance session be held?

When is the International Student Panel virtual session?

What time is the International Student Panel (PT)?

Who will present on the International Student Panel?

When is the Undergraduate Transfer Student Q & A session?

What time is the Undergraduate Transfer Student Q & A (PT)?

Is the Undergraduate Transfer Student Q & A session optional?

When is the in-person info session for new arrivals?

Where will the in-person info session take place?

What is the location (room) for the in-person info session?

When will the time for the in-person info session be announced?

Where and when are the International Student Welcome Socials held?

Which SFU campuses host the International Student Welcome Socials?

Where are the Social Insurance Clinics being offered?

What is a Social Insurance Number (SIN) and why do I need one?

Do I need a valid SIN to be paid for work in Canada?

How will I access the virtual sessions (which platform)?

What technical requirements are needed to attend the virtual sessions?

How will registrants receive the Zoom link and session details?

Who should I contact to request an accessibility accommodation?

What email address should I use for accessibility inquiries?

Who can I contact for case-specific enquiries about immigration documents and travel?

Where should I go for course planning advice?

Who do I contact if I have questions about the International Student Orientation Series?

What are the contact email addresses and phone number listed for international advising?