1.
- Search the A to Z list (View A to Z list)  
- Browse programs by faculty (Faculty of Applied Sciences; Arts & Social Sciences; Beedie School of Business; Communication, Art & Technology; Education; Environment; Health Sciences; Science)  
- Explore bilingual/French programs and French-taught elective courses  
- Join a campus tour (SFU Burnaby or SFU Surrey) and attend upcoming events  
- Join the mailing list for program, application and event updates  
- Discover student supports and the overall SFU student experience

2.
A to Z list

3.
Browse our programs by faculty.

4.
Faculty of Applied Sciences
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences
Beedie School of Business
Faculty of Communication, Art and Technology
Faculty of Education
Faculty of Environment
Faculty of Health Sciences
Faculty of Science

5.
Yes — there is an A to Z list of programs (see "View A to Z list").

6.
Faculty of Applied Sciences
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences
Beedie School of Business
Faculty of Communication, Art and Technology
Faculty of Education
Faculty of Environment
Faculty of Health Sciences
Faculty of Science

7.
Yes. Full-time SFU international students who graduate from a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctoral program and meet all PGWP eligibility criteria may be eligible for a post‑graduation work permit for up to three years.

8.
Up to three years.

9.
Bachelor’s degree programs
Master’s degree programs
Doctoral degree programs

10.
That their non‑degree program meets current post‑graduation work permit (PGWP) eligibility by reviewing the latest field‑of‑study requirements on the Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) website.

11.
Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada website

12.
SFU International Student Advising and Programs’ Employment and Volunteer page

13.
Yes

14.
Yes. Students can pursue studies through bilingual programs or elective courses taught in French.

15.
Visit the "Learn more about programs in French" page.

16.
SFU Burnaby
SFU Surrey

17.
SFU Burnaby
SFU Surrey

18.
- Ask program- and faculty-specific questions and get detailed answers  
- Meet faculty, admissions staff, and current students  
- See campus facilities, labs, and resources relevant to your program  
- Learn about course structure, co-op/internship and career outcomes  
- Clarify admission requirements and application tips  
- Compare options to make a more informed decision  
- Experience campus culture and available student supports  
- Network and obtain contacts for follow-up

19.
personal, academic, and professional

20.
Personal, academic and professional services and supports.

21.
Join the mailing list

22.
Click the "Join the mailing list" link on the SFU programs page to subscribe and receive regular updates on programs, admissions, important dates, events, and the student experience.

23.
8888 University Drive

24.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

25.
Yes

