1.
Programs at SFU

2.
Local Joint Health and Safety Committees (LJHSC)
Central University Health and Safety Committee (CUHSC)

3.
Burnaby, Vancouver and Surrey

4.
department heads

5.
departmental safety programs, safety concerns raised by employees and students

6.
Safety concerns raised by employees and students

7.
- Assist in monitoring departmental safety programs
- Make recommendations to department heads (including mitigation/elimination measures)
- Promote safety communication
- Raise safety concerns/issues from the LJHSCs to CUHSC
- Conduct inspections and document them using the Inspections Management module

8.
By their terms of reference.

9.
On the safety committee SharePoint site.

10.
The mandate of safety committees
The roles and responsibilities of committee members
Communication between CUHSC and the LJHSCs
How safety concerns/issues are raised from the LJHSCs to CUHSC

11.
Communication between CUHSC and the LJHSCs
How safety concerns/issues are raised from the LJHSCs to CUHSC

12.
Chief Safety Officer

13.
safety policies, safety issues arising in public areas

14.
- Promotes communication and information sharing among Local Joint Health and Safety Committees (LJHSCs)
- Provides a guidance document outlining communication between CUHSC and LJHSCs and how issues are raised
- Shares the CUHSC list of voting members and meeting minutes

15.
By its terms of reference.

16.
Current CUHSC list of voting members
Meeting minutes

17.
To identify safety hazards so they can be mitigated or eliminated.

18.
Local Joint Health and Safety Committees (LJHSC)

19.
Inspections Management module

20.
https://safety.sfu.ca/

21.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

22.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil‑Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

23.
On whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside

24.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

