1.
To help students find trustworthy, ethical academic support and to warn them about unethical third‑party services and tutors that can jeopardize academic integrity.

2.
They may be scams — sounding too good to be true; some students have been duped and extorted by third‑party companies claiming to provide academic support.

3.
Duped and extorted

4.
Yes

5.
Will teach you concepts so that you can learn on your own.
Will help you understand concepts so that you can apply your learning.
Reassures you that you will improve with practice and that all quality work takes time and hard work.
Can help you become a true master of your work so that when you are in a career you will be able to do what you are hired for.

6.
Relies on keeping students dependent on the tutor.
Will do your assignment/essay for you without checking if this is permitted by the instructor.
Makes you believe that SFU courses are too hard for you to succeed in without their help.
Advertises a “guarantee” on grades and promises answers to test questions, giving you a false sense of your skills and abilities.

7.
Academic integrity leads to professional integrity.

8.
Will help you understand concepts so that you can apply your learning.
Reassures you that you will improve with practice and that all quality work takes time and hard work.
Can help you become a true master of your work so that when you are in a career you will be able to do what you are hired for.

9.
Reassures you that you will improve with practice and that all quality work takes time and hard work.

10.
Will help you understand concepts so that you can apply your learning.
Can help you become a true master of your work so that when you are in a career you will be able to do what you are hired for.

11.
Will do your assignment/essay for you without checking if this is permitted by the instructor.
Makes you believe that SFU courses are too hard for you to succeed in without their help.
Advertises a “guarantee” on grades and promises answers to test questions which give you a false sense of your skills and abilities.
Relies on keeping students dependent on the tutor.

12.
Guarantee on grades
Promises answers to test questions

13.
Purchasing assignments, exam questions, or essays is a serious violation of the SFU Academic Integrity policy. Students found to have submitted work authored by someone else commonly receive a zero for the work and may also receive an FD (Failed for Dishonesty) on their transcript.

14.
Receive a zero for the work (possibly an FD — Failed for Dishonesty — grade on their transcript).

15.
FD grade (Failed for Dishonesty) on their student transcript.

16.
8888 University Drive

17.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

18.
unceded traditional territories

19.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy

20.
give you a false sense of your skills and abilities

21.
Choose ethical tutors who teach concepts so you can learn independently.
Expect improvement with practice; quality work takes time.
Avoid tutors who do assignments/essays for you, promise guaranteed grades, or claim test answers.
Don’t use services that foster dependency or claim SFU courses are too hard.
Purchasing assignments/exams violates SFU academic integrity and can result in a zero or an FD grade.
Use SFU‑approved tutors/resources.

