1.
Cutting and pasting sections from the internet and submitting the paper without accurately citing all the sources.

2.
S2.3.1 — Failing to acknowledge the work of another author (plagiarism)

3.
Avoiding plagiarism:
- Take the plagiarism tutorial.
- Provide accurate and proper citations for all sources (including self‑citation) and acknowledge others’ work.
- Research relevant sources and synthesize them into your own interpretation.
- Speak to your instructor before re‑using previous work or if unsure.
- Use Student Learning Commons writing consultations and workshops; do not purchase or submit work created by others.

Improving time management:
- Develop good time management skills and study habits.
- Use Student Learning Commons resources and staff; meet with them to learn tools for effective time management.
- Speak with your instructor/TA during office hours and seek help early from academic advisors or SFU Health and Counselling.

4.
Consideration given for first offense by new student.

5.
Collaborating on assignments without the permission of the instructor.

Submitting work as individual work even though the work was not done individually.

6.
s.2.3.3 — Unauthorized access of information pertaining to examinations / use of unauthorized devices (cheating)
s.2.3.6 — Collusion (unauthorized collaboration)

7.
Zero on the exam.

8.
Collusion: a form of cheating that occurs when work is submitted as individual work even though the work was not done individually.

Collaboration: encouraged and permitted when the instructor has assigned a team project.

9.
Resubmitting the same (or substantially the same) essay, project, presentation, or other assignment more than once without prior approval from the instructor.

10.
S 2.3.2

11.
Obtain prior approval from the instructor; speak to your instructor during office hours to discuss how previous work can be used; cite yourself in the new paper.

12.
Zero on the work.

13.
- Accessing web pages or online resources during the exam without authorization
- Using a mobile phone without permission
- Using any other device without permission
- Unauthorized access of information pertaining to the examination (e.g., texting friends about answers)

14.
Plagiarism tutorial
Information on time management / tools for effective time management
Staff support to develop writing practice
Free writing consultations
Writing workshops
Academic English Coaching program

15.
FD grade imposed by Chair for second offense

16.
- Because submitting purchased work as your own is presenting someone else’s work as yours (misrepresentation/fraud).
- It violates the Academic Integrity Policy (S.2.3.4).
- It is unfair to other students who did their own work.
- It deprives you of learning and development of essential academic writing skills.
- Purchased essays may not be original and can introduce additional plagiarism risks.
- It can result in serious penalties (e.g., FD grade imposed by the Chair, which affects transcripts and future opportunities).

17.
S. 2.3.4

18.
Student Learning Commons — free writing consultations and workshops
Academic English Coaching program — in-person support for students with English as an Additional Language

19.
- Engaging in misrepresentation, including falsifying documents, to gain an advantage in a course, is a serious offense of the Academic Integrity policy under s. 2.3.10.
- By misrepresenting your situation, you are attempting to unfairly get an advantage (more time to study) that other students do not have.
- Any type of document alteration violates the Academic Integrity policy (e.g., altering test answers, submitting falsified documentation to excuse an absence).
- Lying to an instructor or staff is considered a very serious offense and forging documentation is fraud.
- Likely penalty: FD grade imposed by Chair — FD grades remain on transcript for two years after graduation and limit chances of acceptance to graduate school.

20.
s. 2.3.10

21.
FD grade imposed by Chair – FD grades remain on transcript for two years after graduation and limits chances of acceptance to graduate school.

22.
They remain on the transcript for two years after graduation.  
They limit your chances of acceptance to graduate school.

23.
Obtaining unauthorized examination material — sharing, selling or using an instructor’s proprietary instructional, examination or other course materials (offense under s.2.3.15)

24.
s. 2.3.15

25.
You put yourself at risk of being sanctioned by the University and you will not learn the material needed to be successful in your academics or future career.

26.
Speak to your instructor or TA during office hours
Seek help early from your academic advisor
Contact SFU Health and Counselling for support
Meet with the Student Learning Commons for time‑management and writing help

27.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

28.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam)
Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish)
səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh)
q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie)
kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem)
Qayqayt
Kwantlen
Semiahmoo
Tsawwassen

29.
Researching information from relevant sources
Giving credit for previous ideas through proper citation
Assembling sources to convey your original interpretation, opinion, or idea

30.
Instructor
TA
Academic advisor
SFU Health and Counselling

