1.
- Appeal the facts to the University Board on Student Discipline (UBSD)  
- Appeal the severity to the Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals (SCODA)  
- Consult the Ombudsperson for advice and assistance

2.
Appeal to the University Board on Student Discipline (UBSD) in writing within three (3) weeks of notification by the instructor, Chair, or Registrar by submitting the UBSD Student Appeal application to senate@sfu.ca. Consult the Office of the Ombudsperson for guidance.

3.
Appeal to the Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals (SCODA) by submitting the SCODA disciplinary-penalty-appeal application (downloadable) to withdraw@sfu.ca within three (3) weeks of the date of notification. Consult the Ombudsperson for guidance.

4.
University Board on Student Discipline (UBSD)

5.
Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals (SCODA)

6.
Within three (3) weeks of the date of notification by the instructor, the Chair, or the Registrar.

7.
The date of notification by the instructor, the Chair, or the Registrar.

8.
In writing

9.
Instructor, Chair, Registrar

10.
the Ombudsperson

11.
an independent, impartial and confidential resource for students

12.
Independent, impartial and confidential resource for students
Assistance with the process for appealing allegations of academic dishonesty
Information and guidance on students’ rights and responsibilities
Information and guidance on University regulations, policies and procedures
Help assessing whether an appeal has merit

13.
Contact the Ombudsperson.

14.
http://www.sfu.ca/policies/gazette/student.html

15.
withdraw@sfu.ca

16.
SCODA-disciplinary-penalty-appeal-application.pdf

17.
senate@sfu.ca

18.
University Board on Student Discipline Student Appeal application.pdf

19.
Learn more about SCODA.

20.
Learn more about UBSD.
University Board on Student Discipline Student Appeal application.pdf

21.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

22.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

23.
Terms & Conditions: Yes
Privacy policy: Yes

24.
Simon Fraser University

25.
Yes — both SCODA and UBSD appeals must be submitted in writing within three (3) weeks of the date of notification.

26.
Yes

27.
Students’ rights and responsibilities
University regulations, policies and procedures

28.
withdraw@sfu.ca

29.
senate@sfu.ca

30.
Yes

