1.
The Academic Progress Report (APR) is a powerful report and planning tool that informs advisors and undergraduate students of how far along a student is in obtaining their degree.

2.
- Informs advisors and undergraduate students how far along a student is in obtaining their degree.  
- Lets advisors run What‑If reports to simulate how courses might transfer into a different program.  
- Enables students to plan courses in advance and enroll using My Planner; advisors can view the student's planned courses and collaborate on planning.

3.
Yes — an advisor can use the APR’s "What‑If" report to simulate transfers; students cannot run What‑If reports themselves.

4.
Make an appointment with an advisor.  
The advisor will run a What‑If report to simulate a hypothetical program summary.  
Students cannot run What‑If reports themselves.

5.
An advisor

6.
No

7.
A feature that lets students plan courses in advance and use their planner to enrol in courses; advisors can view a student’s planned courses and work with them but cannot add courses to the student’s My Planner.

8.
Yes.

9.
No — advisors cannot add courses to a student’s My Planner; they can only view the student’s planned courses and assist with planning.

10.
Yes

11.
Academic Advisement > Student Advisement > Request Advisement Report

Click Add New Value; under ID enter the student number; under Report Type select ACDPR

Verify Report Date is today and As of Date is 3000/01/01; click Process Request and then click Yes

12.
student number

13.
ACDPR

14.
today's date

15.
3000/01/01

16.
Click yes.

17.
Senate and Academic Services

18.
Contact Rosa Balletta at rballett@sfu.ca to register.

19.
Senate and Academic Services

20.
No

21.
Course Catalog

22.
They code Senate changes according to a specified timeline.  
Course changes are not coded directly into the APR; they’re made in the Course Catalog and automatically carry over to APR reports.  
They contact the advisor listed on the page once coding has been completed.

23.
Submit a Service Request.

24.
Student Exception form

25.
aprusers@sfu.ca

