1.
Having three or more exams (or exams at more than one location) that create a scheduling conflict — entitling you to a rescheduled date for the second exam causing hardship or arrangements to write both exams at one location, provided you notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior.

2.
T

3.
Three or more exams

4.
T

5.
the respective instructor or department/faculty

6.
Having three or more exams (or exams scheduled at more than one location); in this case you’ll be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship or arrangements made to write both exams at a single location — you must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

7.
Yes

8.
Three or more exams — you will be given a new exam date for the second exam causing hardship.
Exam at more than one location — arrangements made to write both exams at a single location.
You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

9.
Your instructor or department/faculty will arrange for you to write both exams at a single location.

10.
T

11.
Your instructor or department/faculty

12.
T

13.
One month prior to the exam date.

14.
For three or more exams, you will be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship (by the respective instructor or department/faculty). If you have an exam at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by your instructor or department/faculty for you to write both exams at a single location. You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

15.
One month prior to the exam date.

16.
For three or more exams, you will be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship. If you have an exam at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by your instructor or department/faculty for you to write both exams at a single location. You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

17.
8888 University Drive

18.
For three or more exams, you will be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship (by the respective instructor or department/faculty). If you have an exam at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by your instructor or department/faculty for you to write both exams at a single location. You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

19.
Burnaby, V5A 1S6

20.
For three or more exams, you will be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship (by the respective instructor or department/faculty). If you have an exam at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by your instructor or department/faculty for you to write both exams at a single location. You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

21.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam)
Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish)
səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh)
q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie)
kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem)
Qayqayt
Kwantlen
Semiahmoo
Tsawwassen

22.
T

23.
three

24.
For three or more exams, you will be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship (by the respective instructor or department/faculty). If you have an exam at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by your instructor or department/faculty for you to write both exams at a single location. You must notify your instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

25.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy

26.
T

27.
Simon Fraser University

