1.
There may be two reasons why you are eligible for the U-Pass BC Program when you are completing your course/co-op term outside Metro Vancouver: 1) your mailing address (including postal code) is within Metro Vancouver, or 2) you are enrolled in a course section that has been identified to be held on‑campus or within Metro Vancouver. If one or both apply and you meet all other eligibility requirements, the U-Pass BC term fee will be applied to your student account.

To be correctly assessed as not eligible while you are living and completing your course/co-op outside Metro Vancouver, update your mailing address (including postal code) in your Student Centre at go.sfu.ca to reflect your outside Metro Vancouver residence and ensure you are enrolled in the offsite/off‑campus section of the course. The next business day your U-Pass BC eligibility will reflect that you are not eligible, and the U-Pass BC term fee will be refunded to your student account within two business days in accordance with the U-Pass BC fee refund policy.

If changes are made after the term has commenced, contact the U‑Pass BC office at upass@sfu.ca or 778‑782‑6930.

2.
1) Your mailing address (including postal code) is within Metro Vancouver.  
2) You are enrolled in a course section identified as being held on‑campus or within Metro Vancouver.

3.
1. Go to go.sfu.ca and sign in with your SFU Computing ID and password.  
2. Click into Student Centre.  
3. Under Personal Information (or the Personal Details section) select Addresses (or Contact Information).  
4. Click Edit/Update next to your mailing address, enter the new address and postal code, then Save/Confirm.  
5. Verify the change; it will take effect the next business day.

4.
- Update your mailing address (including postal code) in your Student Centre (go.sfu.ca) to an address outside Metro Vancouver.
- Ensure you are enrolled in the offsite/off-campus section of the course.

5.
The next business day following those changes.

6.
Your U‑Pass BC eligibility will reflect the change the next business day, and the U‑Pass BC term fee will be refunded to your student account within two business days.

7.
U-Pass BC office — upass@sfu.ca or 778.782.6930

8.
If you change your mailing address, your eligibility may change. Students who are enrolled in off‑campus courses listed as off‑campus/off‑site and reside outside of Metro Vancouver for the term should not adjust their mailing address until after the end of the term to avoid changing their U‑Pass BC eligibility for the term and being charged the U‑Pass BC term fee.

9.
Anmore
Belcarra
Bowen Island
Burnaby
Coquitlam
Delta
City of Langley
Township of Langley
Lions Bay
Maple Ridge
New Westminster
City of North Vancouver
District of North Vancouver
Pitt Meadows
Port Coquitlam
Port Moody
Richmond
Surrey
Vancouver
West Vancouver
White Rock
Electoral Area A
Tsawwassen First Nation

10.
Check the Canada Revenue Agency website for the current regulation on claiming the Public Transit Tax Credit. Please note, effective June 2017, the CRA eliminated the non-refundable public transit credit for amounts paid for eligible transit passes (including eligible electronic payment cards).

If you need proof that you were charged and paid the U-Pass BC fee prior to June 2017, you can print an Account Summary from your Student Information System account (see Financial Information for the terms or years for which you are making a claim).

11.
Print an Account Summary from your Student Information System account (see Financial Information for the terms/years for which you are making a claim).

12.
SFU does not disclose personally identifiable information when uploading students’ U‑Pass eligibility to TransLink; no PII is transferred when you link a Compass Card to your U‑Pass BC account or request your U‑Pass for the current/next month. SFU provides TransLink only anonymous unique identifiers (and a portion of your student number so fare inspectors can match IDs to passes); all transmissions are encrypted. TransLink only has access to your personal information if you provide it (for example, if you sign up for optional reminders you must give an email address). Any use of personal information is governed by TransLink’s Privacy Policy.

13.
- SFU does not disclose personally identifiable information when uploading U‑Pass eligibility.  
- No personally identifiable information is transferred when you link a Compass Card to your U‑Pass BC account or request your U‑Pass BC.  
- SFU provides TransLink anonymous data (unique identifiers) indicating which student accounts are eligible each month.  
- SFU provides TransLink a portion of your student number so fare inspectors can match your student ID to the pass.  
- All transmissions are encrypted.

14.
So fare inspectors can match your student ID to the U‑Pass on a Compass Card. SFU only provides a portion of your student number (no other personally identifiable data) and all transmissions are encrypted.

15.
Yes — all transmissions are encrypted.

16.
When you sign up for optional reminders — you must provide an email address, which TransLink stores to send reminders and system updates.

17.
An email address

18.
Yes — U-Pass BC students need to tap in and tap out on West Coast Express (WCE). Make sure you purchase Stored Value or a WCE Add-On to ride on the WCE, as WCE services are not included in the U-Pass BC program.

19.
No — WCE service is not included in U-Pass BC. You must purchase Stored Value or a WCE Add‑On and tap in and tap out.

20.
At Compass Vending Machines; online; by phone at 604.398.2042; and at the Compass Customer Walk‑in Centre (Stadium‑Chinatown Station).

21.
U-Pass BC students will use their Compass Card like a flash pass on HandyDART; you are not required to tap in and tap out on HandyDART. If you ride on the conventional system (bus, SkyTrain, or SeaBus), then you will need to tap in and tap out at the card readers.

22.
Have your HandyCard (provides free travel for your attendant). On conventional services (bus, SkyTrain, SeaBus) tap your Compass Card or use your traditional fare media and show your HandyCard to the bus operator.

23.
This error is typically resolved by clearing your browser cache, then attempting login with your SFU credentials again at http://upassbc.translink.ca/. You may also want to try using an alternative browser.

24.
Clear your browser cache, then log in again with your SFU credentials at http://upassbc.translink.ca/. If that doesn’t work, try using a different browser.

25.
If the "Insufficient Funds" message occurs, this means your card has entered a negative balance. This negative balance must be paid off before it is used with the U-Pass. You can confirm if you have a balance owing on your Compass Card at www.compasscard.ca.

Please note that it can take 24 hours for activation of your monthly U-Pass which could result in entering a negative balance if you tap and the U-Pass has not yet been activated. To avoid incurring a negative balance be sure to plan ahead and load your monthly U-Pass ahead of your transit journeys.

26.
Check your balance at www.compasscard.ca.

Or contact TransLink/AskCompass.ca or call 604‑398‑2042.

27.
It can take up to 24 hours for your monthly U‑Pass to activate. If you tap before activation your Compass Card may enter a negative (insufficient funds) balance, which must be paid off before it can be used with the U‑Pass—so plan ahead and load your U‑Pass before travelling.

28.
On the TransLink website; questions about the Compass Card can be directed to AskCompass.ca or 604‑398‑2042.

29.
TransLink — AskCompass.ca or 604.398.2042

