1.
The Senate Appeals Board

2.
Yes. You must explain why your circumstances affected only certain courses (not others) and provide a clear timeline with dates and supporting documentation (new information not previously submitted). Appeals are filed with the secretary (sabapp@sfu.ca) and must be submitted within 3 weeks of the denied decision — contact the Secretary if you need more time to obtain documentation.

3.
Explain why your circumstances impacted only some courses and not others in the term.  
Provide a clear timeline of events, including dates, showing how your special circumstances affected those specific courses.

4.
A clear, dated timeline of events showing when your circumstances began, how long they lasted, the sequence of events, how and why they affected specific courses (and not others) during the term, and when any supporting documentation was obtained.

5.
Within 3 weeks of receipt of the denied decision.

6.
- File your appeal with the Secretary within 3 weeks of receipt of the denied decision.  
- To open an appeal, email a completed application form to sabapp@sfu.ca.  
- Indicate in your email if you require time to obtain new supporting documentation and contact the Secretary (sabapp@sfu.ca) if there is a delay.  
- You should first seek advice from the University Ombudsperson prior to submitting an appeal.

7.
sabapp@sfu.ca

8.
That you require time to obtain new supporting documentation

9.
The Secretary at sabapp@sfu.ca

10.
Wednesday, December 17, 2025

11.
Monday, December 8, 2025 at 12:00pm

12.
Yes — you may submit your application for the following month.

13.
University Ombudsperson

14.
Yes. In exceptional cases the Board may ask you to appear if more information is needed; the Secretary will contact you to schedule the date/time. Questions will be posed by Board members, you’ll have an opportunity to clarify your situation, and you may bring a support person.

15.
In exceptional cases when the Board needs more information to make a decision on your appeal; the Secretary will contact you to schedule the appearance, Board members will pose questions to clarify your situation, and you may bring a support person.

16.
The Secretary will contact you to book the date and time.

17.
Members of the Board

18.
Yes — you have the right to bring a support person with you.

19.
Any documentation from your original WE application package.

20.
Yes — appeals will be considered if new information or documentation not originally presented is provided.

21.
sabapp@sfu.ca

22.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

