1.
The responsibility for the academic standards and reputation of the University.

2.
Academic Integrity is a cornerstone of the development and acquisition of knowledge. As such, academic integrity is a commitment to engage in academic work in a manner that upholds the values of honesty, trust, fairness, respect, responsibility, and courage. For students, this means that assignments and exams are completed by yourself and that the work of others must be acknowledged through accurate citation. Learning with integrity includes seeking guidance and clarification from your instructors and study support staff in the library, and avoiding using tools or services that confer an unfair academic advantage.

3.
honesty, trust, fairness, respect, responsibility, courage

4.
Complete assignments and exams yourself.
Acknowledge others’ work through accurate citation.
Seek guidance and clarification from instructors and library study support.
Avoid using tools or services that confer an unfair academic advantage.

5.
Acknowledged through accurate citation

6.
Your instructors and study support staff in the library

7.
tools or services

8.
The basic responsibilities of students in relation to scholarly activities and the principles for student discipline in academic matters.

9.
Principles for student discipline in academic matters.

10.
778 782 7075

11.
aic_sfu@sfu.ca

12.
Their rights and responsibilities as a student
The supports available to develop their academic integrity skills

13.
Support and resources
Academic Disciplinary Process
Putting yourself at risk
Generative AI
Academic Integrity Week
Prevention
Exam Procedures
FAQ's
Reporting
Tips for managing exams
Learn more

14.
Its risks to academic integrity
When it can be appropriate to use it
SFU guidance on using Generative AI in your coursework

15.
Learn about Generative AI, its risks to academic integrity and when it can be appropriate to use it.

16.
Prevention
Exam Procedures
FAQ's
Reporting
Tips for managing exams
SFU Guidance: Using Generative AI in Your Coursework

17.
Resources, procedures, and best practices to help TAs and Tutor Markers foster a culture of academic integrity in their classrooms
Prevention
Exam Procedures
FAQ's
Reporting
Tips for managing exams

18.
Exam Procedures
Tips for managing exams
Resources, procedures, and best practices to help TAs and Tutor Markers foster a culture of academic integrity in their classrooms

19.
Tips for managing exams
Exam Procedures

20.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

21.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam)
Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish)
səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh)
q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie)
kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem)
Qayqayt
Kwantlen
Semiahmoo
Tsawwassen

22.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy

23.
Simon Fraser University

