1.
A chosen (preferred) name is a name an individual chooses to use instead of their legal name. It allows people to use a name that reflects their gender identity, cultural background, personal beliefs, or other aspects of their identity, and respecting it supports dignity, equity, and belonging.

2.
- It’s a basic matter of dignity, equity and belonging.  
- It prevents harm from deadnaming, especially for trans and gender‑diverse communities.  
- Chosen names allow people to use names that reflect their gender identity, cultural background, personal beliefs, or other aspects of identity.  
- It ensures correct names and pronouns so individual preferences and identity are respected.  
- Creating streamlined name‑change processes yields broad equity, safety and cultural inclusion benefits for the institution.

3.
Trans and gender-diverse communities

4.
Equity, safety and cultural inclusion

5.
- Because chosen names are more inclusive than legal names and allow individuals to use a name that reflects their gender identity.  
- Respecting chosen names is a basic matter of dignity, equity and belonging and reduces harm from deadnaming.  
- To ensure people’s correct names and pronouns are used so individual preferences and identity are respected.  
- Integrating chosen names across systems (including SFU ID cards) supports safety, inclusion and belonging.

6.
They allow individuals to use a name that reflects their gender identity, cultural background, personal beliefs, or other aspects of their identity that may not be reflected in their legal name.

7.
We want to ensure we use everyone’s correct names and pronouns, so that individual preferences and identity are respected.

8.
goSFU, Canvas, MyInfo, Microsoft Apps

9.
Yes

10.
On the "Change your name in SFU systems" page on ServiceHub.

11.
Yes — your chosen name will appear on unofficial internal university documents and is integrated across goSFU, Canvas, MyInfo, Microsoft Apps, and your SFU ID card.

12.
Yes — your legal first name will continue to appear on official university documents.

13.
- Complete the Student Name Change Application and submit it to urecords@sfu.ca.  
- Provide proof of legal name change to have the replacement card fee waived.  
- To obtain a new SFU ID card with your updated name, contact or visit the Registrar and Information Services office at any campus.

14.
To: urecords@sfu.ca
Where: Submit via email to urecords@sfu.ca

15.
Yes — the replacement card fee will be waived for students who provide proof of legal name change.

16.
Contact the Registrar and Information Services office at any campus to request a new SFU ID card with your chosen or new legal name.

If you have an immediate need, visit the Registrar and Information Services office in person to request the card.

If you have legally changed your name, submit the Student Name Change Application to urecords@sfu.ca to update your records and provide proof of legal name change to have the replacement card fee waived.

17.
Visit the Registrar and Information Services office at any campus to request an SFU ID card with a different name.

18.
Registrar and Information Services office (at any campus)
urecords@sfu.ca

19.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

20.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

