1.
The SFU ID card is your official SFU identification card (for use by current students, staff and faculty, and by alumni). It is a multi-function card that can be used for purchases at certain retailers on campus. The card has a declining balance account that allows you to easily add funds.

2.
All enrolled students, staff or faculty members, and alumni hired or sponsored by SFU.

3.
Yes — alumni hired or sponsored by SFU are eligible for an SFU ID card.

4.
- Official SFU photo identification  
- Multi‑function payment card for purchases at certain campus retailers (barcode/mag stripe) with a declining‑balance account you can add funds to  
- Stores meal plans (meal plans are automatically loaded)  
- Grants access to SFU facilities (Library, Dining Services, Recreation, etc.)  
- Can be used to authorize a designated borrower for the library (exceptional case)

5.
Yes. The SFU ID card is a multi‑function card that can be used for purchases at certain retailers on campus. Present your card to a cashier to have the barcode or mag stripe scanned; purchases draw from the card’s declining‑balance account, which you can add funds to (e.g., at Dining Services).

6.
Present your card to a cashier and have your bar code or mag strip scanned.

7.
See "Using your card."  
See "Using your card and adding funds."

8.
See Getting your card for instructions.

9.
Registrar and Information Services at any of SFU’s three campuses (during business hours).

10.
One piece of government-issued photo identification.

11.
$20 (plus applicable taxes)

12.
You can add funds to your SFU ID card at Dining Services. You can also check your balance online and add funds through your account.

13.
Dining Services

14.
Yes. Any meal plan you purchase is automatically loaded onto your card.

15.
No. Your SFU ID card allows only one meal plan account. Dining Services offers a variety of meal plans to suit different needs.

16.
Larger plans for students living on campus
Smaller, flexible options for students living off campus

17.
- Report it to Registrar and Information Services at any of the three campuses.  
- Go to Registrar and Information Services during regular office hours to get a replacement card.  
- Bring one piece of government‑issued photo ID.  
- A $20 replacement fee (plus applicable taxes) applies for students.  
- Any previously issued card will be deactivated once a replacement is issued — destroy it if found.  
- Funds on your SFU ID card will be transferred to the new card (provided you report it before someone uses it).

18.
Report it to Campus Security (Campus Security Lost and Found) if it’s lost outside business hours.  
You will not be able to use SFU facilities (Library, Dining Services, Recreation) until you get a replacement.  
During regular office hours go to Registrar and Information Services at any campus to deactivate the lost/stolen card and get a replacement — bring government-issued photo ID and pay a $20 replacement fee (plus applicable taxes).  
If you report the card before someone uses it, your funds will be transferred to the new card; purchases made before reporting cannot be credited.

19.
No. You will not lose the funds if you report the card lost or stolen before someone uses it. Report it to Registrar and Information Services (or Campus Security outside business hours) to deactivate the card and get a replacement — a $20 replacement fee (plus taxes) applies for students — and the funds on your SFU ID card will be transferred to the new card. You are responsible for any transactions made prior to deactivation.

20.
No. Unfortunately, purchases made fraudulently by someone else cannot be credited. Report the incident to Campus Security as soon as possible so it can be investigated.

21.
The previously issued SFU ID card becomes inactive; if you find it, please destroy it.

22.
Report it to Campus Security or, during business hours, to Registrar and Information Services.

23.
If you are having problems when using your SFU ID card, drop by the Registrar and Information Services counter during regular business hours. You may need to get a replacement SFU card.

24.
Your SFU student/staff/faculty ID card is non-transferable and can be used only by you. In the event your card is used by a person other than you, the card will be confiscated and you may be subject to sanctions, pursuant to University policy. This includes the policy on academic fraud.

One exception is authorizing a designated borrower to use your card on your behalf at the library. Please see Designated Borrower for more information.

25.
No — your SFU ID card is non-transferable and can only be used by you. One exception: you may authorize a designated borrower to use your card on your behalf at the library.

26.
This will vary from person to person. One of the conveniences of your SFU ID card is being able to easily check your account balance online and add funds when needed. If you're planning to buy a meal plan, visit Meal Plans to find out more. Also, consider visiting the Budget Estimator to assist you in managing your finances.

27.
Unfortunately, due to federal tax savings measures, funds in your meal plan cannot be transferred or carried over to another academic year.

28.
Sign in to your SFU ID card/Card Services online account via the SFU website (using your SFU computing ID) to view your current balance and transactions.

29.
SFU ID (preferred)
Provincial driver’s licence
Canadian citizenship card
B.C. identity card
Permanent resident card
Passport

30.
Campus Security

