1.
- Apply with your province or territory of residence.  
- Submit an application to your provincial/territorial student financial assistance program (you will be automatically considered for all eligible loans and grants).  
- Complete and sign the Master Student Financial Assistance Agreement (MSFAA) through the National Student Loans Service Centre (NSLSC) using your personal bank account details.  
- Use NSLSC Online Services via a My Service Canada Account (MCSA) to review/manage your MSFAA and loans (required as of May 1, 2025).

2.
No — students apply with their province or territory of residence, not necessarily where they plan to study.

3.
All provincial and territorial governments

4.
Loans
Grants (non-repayable funding)

5.
When they submit their application.

6.
Yes

7.
Canadian Citizens
Permanent Residents
Students with protected person status (based on their province of residence)

8.
Yes — US residents can be considered for US Federal Direct Funding and other targeted resources.

9.
International Students page

10.
Yes. Please review the list of programs that are not eligible for student loans and grants.

11.
The terms of accepting and repaying student loans.

12.
Once

13.
Their own personal bank account details

14.
Automatically deduct the outstanding amount and redirect it to your SFU student account.

15.
SFU will deduct outstanding tuition and fees and deposit any remaining funds into its general bank account, causing delays because SFU cannot match the funds to your student account and will return them to the NSLSC to be re‑matched.

16.
No. The MSFAA will not show loan and grant amounts; you’ll receive a Notice of Assessment from your province or territory showing how much you’ll get.

17.
They will receive a Notice of Assessment from their province or territory showing how much assistance they will receive per application.

18.
On the National Student Loans Service Centre (NSLSC) website — via NSLSC Online Services with a My Service Canada Account (MCSA).

19.
May 1, 2025

20.
Yes — effective April 1, 2023.

21.
British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick

22.
6-8 weeks

23.
Apply for government student aid early.

24.
Learn more

25.
Learn more

26.
fiassist@sfu.ca

27.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

28.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam)
Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish)
səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh)
q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie)
kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem)
Qayqayt
Kwantlen
Semiahmoo
Tsawwassen

29.
Their home province or territory.

