1.
All new undergraduate students.

2.
Yes

3.
- Help you prepare for your academic transition to SFU and guide you step-by-step through what you need to know and do before classes start.
- Introduce SFU’s academic culture, course terminology, degree requirements, and available support services and resources.
- Provide faculty-specific tools and strategies to plan your degree and enroll in courses, and introduce first-year transition events and campus community.
- Offer specific modules for international students, FIC transfer students, Indigenous students, student‑athletes, and students living in residence.

4.
About 30 minutes

5.
Online - Canvas

6.
Canvas

7.
Step 1 - TBD
Step 2 - TBD

8.
All new undergraduate students

9.
Introduces you to the academic culture at SFU, course terminology, degree requirements, and the wide range of support services and resources available to you.

10.
Introduces you to the academic culture at SFU, course terminology, degree requirements, and the wide range of support services and resources available to you

11.
Step 1 - Your access will be posted here

Step 1 will be available here.

12.
This Faculty-specific module will provide you with the tools and strategies to start planning your degree and enrol in courses. Learn more about SFU's first-year transition events and get to know your campus community. There are also specific modules for international students, FIC transfer students, Indigenous students, student-athletes and students living in residence.

13.
Provides tools and strategies to start planning your degree and enrol in courses; helps you learn about SFU's first-year transition events and get to know your campus community; includes specific modules for international students, FIC transfer students, Indigenous students, student-athletes, and students living in residence.

14.
Yes.

15.
International students
FIC transfer students
Indigenous students
Student‑athletes
Students living in residence

16.
Once you have activated your SFU ID, please allow up to five business days to receive your Faculty-specific course invitation. The invitation will be sent to your SFU email.

17.
Activate your SFU ID
Allow up to five business days for the invitation to be sent
Check your SFU email for the invitation

18.
Up to five business days.

19.
Your SFU email address.

20.
Yes. You will have access to University Prep anytime throughout your first year to review the content as needed.

21.
You will be invited to your final transition course SFU 101. This course will help you prepare for joining the SFU community.

22.
SFU 101 is the final transition course that helps you prepare for joining the SFU community.

23.
orientation@sfu.ca

24.
orientation@sfu.ca

25.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

26.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil‑Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

27.
Your access will be posted here.

