1.
- Assistance preparing for milestones and reaching academic goals
- Review of course information, outlines and class notes (including remote learning components, class schedule changes, course cart, synchronous/asynchronous formats)
- Confidential service to develop a plan or strategy to achieve academic success
- Course planning and progress discussions; help exploring or choosing a major
- Connecting students with general or faculty advisors and booking advising appointments

2.
Yes — academic advisors provide a confidential service to students.

3.
Connect with a general advisor from Student Services or an advisor from your specific faculty (Start here).  
Sign into the advisor link to book an advising appointment with your success team.  
Click "BOOK WITH AN ADVISOR."

4.
Yes. Discuss your course planning and progress early and often with an academic advisor whether you’re exploring degree options or have already chosen a major. Connect with a general advisor in Student Services or a faculty advisor and sign into the advisor link to book an appointment.

5.
Yes — advisors and students work together to develop a plan or strategy designed to achieve academic success.

6.
Course outlines and class notes

7.
Review information about courses, course outlines, and class notes.

8.
goSFU Student Centre
CGPA calculator
Official and unofficial transcripts
Help videos

9.
Yes — a CGPA calculator is available online through the goSFU Student Centre.

10.
Yes — online 24/7 via the goSFU Student Centre.

11.
Yes

12.
An academic concession is granted when unexpected situations or circumstances prevent a student from participating in course-related activities (e.g., missing a class or completing graded work or exams). Examples include illness, accident, family situations, or other unanticipated changes in personal responsibilities that create a conflict or warrant compassion.

13.
Unexpected situations preventing participation in course-related activities (e.g., missing class or completing graded work/exams), such as illness, accident, family situation, or other unanticipated changes in personal responsibilities that create a conflict or warrant compassion.

14.
Yes — academic concessions can cover missing classes and completing graded work or exams.

15.
Illness, accident, family situation, similar unanticipated changes in personal responsibilities

16.
Start here.  
Sign into the advisor link to book an advising appointment with an advisor from your success team.

17.
Connect with a general advisor from Student Services — if you’re not sure who to connect with, start here.

18.
Sign into the advisor link and use the "Book with an Advisor" option to schedule an appointment with a member of your success team.

19.
Yes — sign into the advisor link to book an advising appointment.

20.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

21.
Yes

22.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil‑Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

23.
Connect with a general advisor from Student Services — Start here.

24.
Yes

25.
Yes.

26.
Yes

27.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy

