1.
- Career guidance supports for undergraduate students, graduate students, and recent alumni
- Resume and online portfolio development
- Career statement and bio writing
- Presentation and interview skills practice
- Career fairs and employer info sessions
- Job and volunteer postings for on‑ and off‑campus paid and volunteer roles
- Online courses, funding options, further learning, and work‑related resources
- "What Can I Do With A Degree In..." career exploration series
- Career planning appointments and workshops
- Advising for recent graduates including one‑to‑one sessions with a Career Education Specialist, alumni‑specific info sessions and workshops, and grad school discovery talks
- Connections to experiential education, volunteer roles, classroom projects, conversational research, and part‑time work opportunities

2.
Undergraduate students
Graduate students
Recent alumni (from all disciplines)

3.
Burnaby campus

4.
Yes

5.
Maggie Benston Centre (MBC) 0300

6.
Mezzanine level, 2538

7.
Main level, behind Information Services

8.
778.782.3106

9.
careers@sfu.ca

10.
@sfu.career

11.
- Work one‑on‑one with you to develop your resume and online portfolio.
- Help you write a career statement and professional bio to feature in your materials.
- Provide feedback and practice to improve how you present your work and skills.
- Offer appointments and workshops to refine and showcase your documents and portfolio.

12.
Yes. You can work with a career professional to develop a career statement or bio. Book an appointment: Phone 778.782.3106 or email careers@sfu.ca.

13.
Yes — Career and Volunteer Services offers practice for presentation and interview skills through one-on-one sessions with a career professional and workshops; book an appointment or sign up.

14.
Yes — they visit SFU campuses throughout the year (e.g., career fairs and info sessions).

15.
On the Career and Volunteer Services postings page.

16.
On-campus, Off-campus, Paid, Volunteer

17.
Online courses
Funding options
Further learning
Work-related resources

18.
Find out what you enjoy and what is important to you
Build on the skills and knowledge you are gaining in your studies
Try experiential education
Volunteer roles
Projects in the classroom
Conversational research
Part-time work
Explore potential careers and skill sets through the "What Can I Do With A Degree In..." series

19.
Finding out the potential careers and skill sets you'll have from your degree.

20.
Experiential education
Volunteer roles
Projects in the classroom
Conversational research
Part-time work

21.
Book an appointment or sign up for a workshop.

22.
Call 778.782.3106
Email careers@sfu.ca
Visit/watch the Career & Volunteer Services events page to sign up for workshops or book online

23.
Yes

24.
One-to-one sessions with a Career Education Specialist
Alumni-specific info sessions and workshops
Grad school discovery talks
Career fairs

25.
- Check the Career and Volunteer Services events page on the SFU website  
- Watch for career fairs and info sessions on campus  
- Follow Instagram @sfu.career  
- Call 778.782.3106 or email careers@sfu.ca to ask or book

26.
By explicitly aligning its Centre with SFU’s commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion and offering inclusive career guidance to undergraduates, graduates, and recent alumni from all disciplines, with services across campuses and remotely.

27.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

28.
In the website footer — links labeled "Terms & Conditions" and "Privacy policy."

