1.
Access through a Career Education Specialist

2.
SparkPath Challenge Cards are a set of cards that present real-world challenges and scenarios to explore career possibilities. They help by guiding you to discover career paths based on interests and problems you enjoy solving (rather than job titles), revealing roles and skills that match your motivations and strengths.

3.
Access through a Career Education Specialist

4.
Information on occupations and possible career paths, along with videos and interviews of people currently working in those fields.

5.
Send an email from your SFU email account to career_resources@sfu.ca with the subject line "Career Cruising" and you will promptly receive login information.

6.
career_resources@sfu.ca
Career Cruising

7.
Yes — send the request from your SFU email account.

8.
- Use SFU’s industry demand snapshot tool to identify employer demand and potential employers.  
- Career Cruising (email career_resources@sfu.ca from your SFU account for login).  
- Government of BC career resource (explore qualifications, earnings and projected demand for 500+ careers).

9.
Get a real-world snapshot of the industry demand in careers you're pursuing and identify future employers.

10.
WorkBC

11.
Check out the full list of self-directed Canvas courses to enroll.

12.
On the SFU Career Services website — "Check out our full list of Canvas courses."

13.
It offers 24/7 online practice interviews with immediate feedback and insights to enhance your interview skills and confidence.  
To start, create an account and get started.

14.
Create an account and get started.

15.
No.

16.
Available for free at most public libraries. Log on using your public library ID.

17.
Build and optimize a LinkedIn profile; interact and network with an audience, alumni, and other leads; learn how to use LinkedIn to help land a job.

18.
Send an email from your SFU email account to career_resources@sfu.ca to sign up.
Subject line: LinkedIn Guys

19.
SFU Career Centre
careers@sfu.ca

20.
778.782.3106

21.
@sfu.career

22.
Black Students
Indigenous Students
International Students
LGBTQ2s+
People of Colour
People with Disabilities

23.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

24.
In the website footer: Terms & Conditions; Privacy policy; © Simon Fraser University

25.
Yes

