1.
Yes

2.
Sanitize your hands and wear a mask inside office spaces — ask for a medical‑grade mask if none is available.  
Consider booking a phone/virtual appointment instead of coming in.  
If you have questions, discuss them with your doctor or nurse.

3.
SFU students currently enrolled in classes.

4.
Two — on the Burnaby and Vancouver campuses.

5.
Yes — medical services are available in-person, by phone, or virtually for all students.

6.
No — same-day access is limited and not guaranteed; medical appointment wait times are experienced.

7.
Make an appointment (in‑person or by phone/virtual)—note same‑day access is limited.  
For alternative medical clinics near you, visit medimap.ca.

8.
medimap.ca

9.
Yes — nurses are available at SFU clinics.
They can assist with a variety of concerns.

10.
Instructors may request documentation, but for minor short-term illnesses (1–5 days) students should use the self‑declaration form — SFU will not require medical notes for these absences.

11.
Self-declaration form

12.
When they need to be absent for an extended time (beyond minor short-term illnesses, typically 1–5 days).

13.
Yes — students are encouraged to contact Health & Counselling or their healthcare providers even if a doctor’s note is not required.

14.
See how to get a doctor’s note for missed classes — SFU Health & Counselling Services.

15.
On SFU’s academic concessions page (see “click here” in the Health & Counselling info)

Contact the Office of Student Support, Rights, and Responsibilities

16.
Office of Student Support, Rights, and Responsibilities

17.
Yes.

18.
Yes — BC MSP will cover the basic medical services you receive at SFU clinics.

19.
SFU's Medical Insurance page

20.
- Health & Counselling (HCS) operates as one unit of confidentiality, so divisions of HCS may share your information when necessary for your care.  
- All records within HCS are confidential and personal information is only released outside the centre with your written consent.  
- Exceptions to consent are life‑threatening emergencies or as required by law and/or public health regulations.  
- Staff must collect some personal information and may collect information from other providers, friends, or family when necessary; you will be advised when this information is collected and only in exceptional circumstances is information collected without your consent.  
- HCS is authorized to collect information under the Protection of Privacy Act, the Medicare Protection Act, Medical Practitioner's Act, and Health Professionals Act.  
- Your information may be used for present and future care, continuity of treatment, quality review, and teaching, education, and research.

21.
Yes. Health & Counselling shares one unit of confidentiality, so divisions of HCS may share your information when necessary for your care.

22.
- Life-threatening emergencies
- When required by law and/or public health regulations

23.
Some of your personal information
Information from other health care providers, friends, or family

24.
Only in exceptional circumstances; normally HCS will advise you and obtain your consent before collecting information from others.

25.
Protection of Privacy Act
Medicare Protection Act
Medical Practitioner's Act
Health Professionals Act

26.
- Present and future care or service
- Continuity of treatment
- Quality of care and service review
- Teaching, education, and research

27.
Visit the page for health resources.

28.
October 1, 2024

29.
View medical insurance info

SFU's Medical Insurance page

30.
778.782.4615
778.782.5200
778.782.5200

