1.
Student Support (formerly My SSP) is a free 24/7 mental health and well‑being service for SFU students, offering real‑time access to clinical counsellors, a digital library and other support resources.  
It is available to all SFU students.

2.
Use Student Support (formerly My SSP).

Download the Student Support app or connect by phone for 24/7 access to clinical counsellors and digital resources.

3.
online courses
seminars
videos
audio recordings
recommended apps

4.
Download the Student Support app from the Apple App Store or Google Play.

Connect by phone to the Student Support 24/7 phone line (see the SFU Student Support webpage for the phone number).

5.
Balancing personal, work, and academic priorities
Adjusting to a new environment or culture, or feeling homesick
Stress or anxiety related to your studies or uncertainty about plans after graduation
Relationship conflicts with family, friends or others
Isolation, loneliness or any other concerns—just reach out!

6.
Medical services (doctors and nurses by appointment)  
Counselling Services (counsellors, psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers and nurses)  
Student Support (formerly My SSP — 24/7 mental health and well‑being support)  
Self‑guided resources (online courses, seminars, videos, apps)  
Support for international students (transition case manager)  
Indigenous Counselling Services (Indigenous clinical counsellors at the Indigenous Student Centre)  
SVSPO (confidential support for sexual violence, assault or harassment)

7.
- Student Support (formerly My SSP) — 24/7 mental health and well‑being support (download the app or connect by phone)  
- Talk to someone now (immediate support link)  
- Counselling Services — confidential counselling, safety planning and crisis support (in-person, virtual, phone)  
- Medical Services — doctors and nurses by appointment for urgent medical and mental‑health concerns  
- Indigenous Counselling Services — one‑on‑one appointments at the Indigenous Student Centre  
- Campus Public Safety Safe Walk — request a 24/7 security escort  
- SVSPO — confidential support for sexual violence, assault or harassment

8.
Doctors and nurses available by appointment
Support for new symptoms
Sexual health services
Vaccinations
Travel health
Referrals
Support for mental and overall well-being

9.
Counsellors, psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, and nurses

10.
Online courses
Seminars
Videos
Audio recordings
Recommended apps
Digital library

11.
- International Student Advisor — assistance with study, work and stay eligibility in Canada; medical insurance; Social Insurance Number (SIN), etc.  
- One-on-one sessions with a transition case manager — social support to cope with challenges of living in a new country.  
- Global Student Community (GSC) — connect with diverse students, establish intercultural connections and share international experiences.

12.
Visit the "Find support for international students" page to book one-on-one sessions with a transition case manager.

13.
One-on-one appointments with Indigenous clinical counsellors at the Indigenous Student Centre
ISC Wellness Program — connect with peers and access shared resources
Indigenous Student Centre supports: academic and wellness support, peer mentorship, counselling and guidance from Elders
Meet with an Indigenous student advisor

14.
The Indigenous Student Centre (ISC) is a connected community for Indigenous students (First Nations, Métis and Inuit) that provides academic and wellness supports.

Supports: academic advising (including for undeclared students with fewer than 60 units), peer mentorship, counselling (including Indigenous clinical counsellors and one‑on‑one appointments), the ISC Wellness Program, guidance from Elders, and shared resources.

15.
Supports educational equity for students with documented disabilities.

Helps with accessibility needs and accommodations at SFU.

16.
Food-based initiatives that provide students with inclusive, low-barrier access to food, proper nutrition and hygiene supplies.

17.
- Financial aid and supplemental income opportunities (including scholarships, awards, bursaries and government-issued financial assistance)
- Financial Aid & Awards Advisor (one-on-one advising to explore funding options)
- Cost calculator to establish a term budget
- Food-based initiatives providing low-barrier access to food, nutrition and hygiene supplies
- Career Advisor (support exploring paid opportunities during studies and career planning)

18.
- Meet with a Financial Aid and Awards Advisor to explore SFU scholarships, awards, bursaries and government-issued financial assistance.  
- Explore financial aid and supplemental income opportunities and use SFU’s cost calculator to establish a term budget.

19.
Cost calculator
Meet with a financial aid and awards advisor

20.
Academic Advisor
Departmental Advisor

21.
Meet with an Academic Advisor to map out your degree path, navigate program requirements broadly, and discuss next steps if you face academic difficulties.  
Meet with a Departmental Advisor once you’ve declared your major and completed over 60 units to get guidance on faculty- and program-specific requirements to complete your degree.

22.
Use the "Find your departmental advisor" tool on the SFU website.

23.
- Help you plan your career after graduation.  
- Help you explore opportunities during your studies to build experience and readiness.  
- Provide guidance to set you up for success in achieving your career goals.

24.
Study, work and stay eligibility in Canada; medical insurance; Social Insurance Number (SIN)

25.
- Group fitness
- Yoga
- Dance
- Martial arts
- Trial Week (free try-before-you-commit)
- Drop-in sessions
- Intramural recreational and competitive leagues
- Sport and cheerleading clubs
- 12,000 sq ft fitness centre
- Gyms and courts
- Outdoor fields and stadium
- Climbing wall
- Fitness studio
- Aquatics centre

26.
Attend SFU Rec’s Trial Week—sign up and try programs (group fitness, yoga, dance, martial arts, etc.) for free before committing to a full term.

27.
12,000 sq ft fitness centre
Gyms
Courts
Outdoor fields
Stadium
Climbing wall
Fitness studio
Aquatics centre

28.
- Group fitness (yoga, dance, martial arts)
- Drop-ins
- Intramural recreational and competitive leagues
- Sport and cheerleading clubs
- On‑campus facilities (12,000 sq ft fitness centre, gyms and courts, outdoor fields, stadium, climbing wall, fitness studio, aquatics centre)

29.
How to join student-led clubs:
Choose from hundreds of student‑led clubs on SFU’s clubs page and click “Join some clubs” to connect and participate.

Benefits they offer:
Develop lasting friendships; build social support and safer spaces; connect, hang out with and learn from others who share your passions, interests, values and beliefs; and nurture your well‑being.

30.
The Women’s Centre is a pro‑feminist, sex‑positive educational space for all students. It provides peer support, crisis referrals, safer‑sex and women’s supplies, feminist literature, and related resources.

31.
A nonjudgmental space for LGBTQIA2S+ students offering peer support, crisis referrals, safer‑sex and sanitary supplies, and a place to freely express gender identities.

Accessible to LGBTQIA2S+ students and their allies.

32.
The Graduate Students’ Community (GSC) is a connected network for graduate students to build community and intercultural connections. It offers international students social support, opportunities to share international experiences, foster inclusive global connections, and help integrate into campus life.

33.
The Multifaith Centre is a shared space to express and practice beliefs and to learn about other faiths. It supports spiritual well-being by offering events, activities, discussions and interfaith dialogues that foster spiritual practice, learning and community.

34.
Visit SVSPO

35.
SVSPO is a confidential support service for people impacted by sexual violence, assault, or harassment.  
It provides confidential support regardless of when or where the incident occurred and irrespective of the person's gender identity or orientation.

36.
Safe Walk

37.
Learn more about your rights and responsibilities

38.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

