1.
"all people, at all times, [having] physical and economic access to sufficient, safe and nutritous food to meet their dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life."

2.
All people, at all times, having physical and economic access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food to meet their dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life.

3.
SFU Pantry
SFSS Food Bank Program
Embark programming
Community Fridge
GSS Emergency Grocery Card Program
GSS partnership with Quest Food Exchange
Burnaby Neighbourhood House Food Hub
Greater Vancouver Food Bank
Surrey Food Bank
Farmers’ Market Nutrition Coupon Program (FMNCP)

4.
SFU Pantry
SFSS Food Bank Program
Community Fridge
GSS Emergency Grocery Card Program
GSS partnership with Quest Food Exchange (Quest grocery markets)
Embark programming
Burnaby Neighbourhood House food hub
Greater Vancouver Food Bank
Surrey Food Bank
Farmers’ Market Nutrition Coupon Program (FMNCP)

5.
Classes/programs/workshops on how to purchase food, prepare food, and use food.

6.
A food bank for students providing emergency food and hygiene supplies (perishable and non‑perishable); open Wednesdays 12–3pm on the lower level of MBC — bring your own bag and student ID.

SFU students in need of emergency food and hygiene supplies.

7.
Wednesdays from 12–3pm; lower level of Maggie Benston Centre (MBC)

8.
Your own grocery bag and your student ID.

9.
Perishable items
Non-perishable items
Hygiene supplies

10.
Burnaby Neighbourhood House
Greater Vancouver Food Bank
United Way of the Lower Mainland
Food Banks Canada
Ancillary Services
SFU Office of Community Engagement

11.
A Food Bank Program for students in a state of need.  
Funded by donations and student fees.

12.
Students in a state of need

13.
The Community Fridge is a safe, low‑barrier, non‑judgmental way for staff, students and faculty to support each other, reduce waste, and ensure community members can feed themselves and their families. It’s located on the lower level of Maggie Benston Centre and operates on a “take something, leave something” principle, open to anyone in the university community.

14.
Lower level of Maggie Benston Centre

15.
Staff, students, faculty, and anyone in the community

16.
A program providing limited assistance to graduate students in urgent financial need to buy groceries.
Established by the GSS.

17.
Graduate students who are in urgent need of finances.

18.
The GSS partners with Quest Food Exchange to provide access to Quest’s not‑for‑profit grocery markets, helping those facing financial hardship access affordable, healthy food.

19.
SFU’s Food Systems Lab is a research and innovation hub. It develops evidence-based solutions for a sustainable food system — enhancing ecosystems, conserving natural resources, mitigating climate change, promoting food security — and runs projects and partnerships with diverse food and agricultural stakeholders, offering collaboration and student research opportunities.

20.
Students: work as a Research Assistant on food security issues by reaching out to the Food Systems Lab team.

Departments: collaborate on food systems research and projects by contacting the Food Systems Lab team.

21.
The Burnaby Neighbourhood House food hub at both its North and South locations

22.
Residents of Vancouver, New Westminster and the North Shore.

10–15 grocery items per week, based on the number of people in the household.

23.
Register online on the Greater Vancouver Food Bank website.  
Check their online schedule to find the nearest distribution location and times.

24.
Low-income residents who live in Surrey, North Delta and Cloverdale
Sufficient food for 3–4 days

25.
A healthy-eating initiative that supports farmers’ markets and strengthens food security in BC by providing coupons redeemable at participating BCAFM farmers’ markets for vegetables, fruits, nuts, eggs, dairy, cut herbs, meat and fish.

Coupons are provided to lower-income families, pregnant people, and seniors through community partner food‑literacy programs.

26.
At all BCAFM member farmers’ markets that participate in the FMNCP

27.
The BC Food Security Gateway is an online resource that provides British Columbia communities with up-to-date food security information.

It provides links and information on projects, initiatives, organizations, publications, tools, guides, and news related to food security in BC.

28.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

29.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

