1.
November 22, 2018

2.
June 24, 2021

3.
June 24, 2026

4.
S 10.05

5.
Vice-President, Academic and Provost

6.
Student Conduct Policy Procedure

7.
As an educational institution, Simon Fraser University strives to take an educational and developmental approach to student misconduct; this policy sets out the University’s expectations regarding student conduct and establishes processes for addressing misconduct—including voluntary resolution, investigation, and disciplinary measures—while adopting principles of procedural fairness and providing an appeal process.

8.
define, and provide examples of, behaviour that is prohibited and considered to be Misconduct;

establish a process and assign responsibility for responding to and addressing Complaints about Misconduct.

9.
Any property controlled by the University and used for University purposes
At or during an in-person or virtual meeting, event, or activity sponsored by or under the auspices of the University, or in furtherance of University business
Using the University’s Information and Communications Technology resources

10.
Yes

11.
No

12.
Behaviour that is prohibited and considered to be Misconduct.

13.
Appendix A

14.
Appendix B

15.
Misconduct by a Student
Retaliation by any member of the University Community
Making a deliberately misleading Complaint under this policy

16.
Yes.

17.
Prohibited — a deliberately misleading Complaint may result in disciplinary measures.  
A Complaint based on a genuinely held but mistaken belief is not considered deliberately misleading.

18.
Precautionary, expressly non‑disciplinary interim measures

19.
No — interim measures are precautionary and expressly non-disciplinary.

20.
Response to Violence and Threatening Behaviour Policy (GP 25)

21.
Yes. The University may facilitate a voluntary resolution process to address the Complaint.

22.
Appendix C to this policy

23.
The Vice-Provost and Associate Vice‑President, Students and International (VPSI)

24.
- Reviewing decisions of the Office of Student Support, Rights and Responsibilities
- Determining if the policy has been breached
- Imposing disciplinary measures up to but not including suspension

25.
The Director, Student Support, Rights and Responsibilities (the “Director”)

26.
The Vice-Provost and Associate Vice-President, Students and International (VPSI)

27.
The President

28.
According to the Student Conduct Procedures, except: (1) where the conduct is prohibited under another University policy, procedure, or regulation, in which case the processes under those authorities will normally be followed unless the Executive Director, Student Affairs, in consultation with the appropriate administrative authority, decides the case should proceed under this policy; and (2) in cases involving alleged misconduct that may fall within the definition of “sexual harassment” in the Human Rights Policy (GP 18), the Complainant may choose to proceed under GP 18 or under the Sexual Violence and Misconduct Prevention, Education, and Support Policy (GP 44); a Complainant who chooses to do so cannot subsequently proceed with the same Complaint under the Student Conduct Policy (S10.05).

29.
- When the conduct is prohibited under another University policy, procedure, or regulation — the processes under that authority will normally be followed (unless the Executive Director, Student Affairs, in consultation with the appropriate administrative authority, decides the case should proceed under this policy).

- When the alleged misconduct may fall within the definition of “sexual harassment” in the Human Rights Policy (GP 18) — the Complainant may choose to proceed under GP 18 or under the Sexual Violence and Misconduct Prevention, Education, and Support Policy (GP 44) (and cannot subsequently proceed with the same Complaint under the Student Conduct Policy).

30.
Proceed under the Human Rights Policy (GP 18)
Proceed under the Sexual Violence and Misconduct Prevention, Education, and Support Policy (GP 44)

31.
Address alleged Misconduct in an objective, fair, and timely manner.
An impartial and appropriately qualified person will manage and/or investigate Complaints.
Respondents may be accompanied by a support person and may access the Ombudsperson.
Complainants and Respondents will be advised of the procedures that will be followed.
Respondents will be informed of the particulars of the allegation and given an opportunity to respond.

32.
Yes — a Respondent may be accompanied by a support person of their choice to meetings related to this policy.

33.
Ombudsperson

34.
At least once every five years.

35.
University Act, R.S.B.C. 1996, c. 468
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, R.S.B.C. 1996, c. 16
Human Rights Code, R.S.B.C. 1996, c. 210
Student Academic Integrity (S 10.01)
Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals (S 10.03)
Human Rights Policy (GP 18)
Fair Use of Information and Communications Technology (GP 24)
Response to Violence and Threatening Behaviour (GP 25)
Bullying and Harassment Policy (GP 47)
Sexual Violence and Misconduct Prevention, Education and Support Policy (GP 44)
SFU’s Information Policies (I-10 series)
Residence Handbook and Residence Licence Agreement
SFU Field School Code of Conduct; SFU Field School Student Acknowledgement

36.
They are subject to BC’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and the University’s Information Policy series, and will be treated confidentially in compliance with that Act and University policies.

37.
In accordance with a records retention schedule approved by the University Archivist.

38.
The Vice-President Academic and Provost and the General Counsel and University Secretary

