1.
Alpha
Mindfulness meditation practices (Ch'an) and sharing (Chat)
Faith group social drop-in events
Core weekly small groups
Every Nation Mission Sunday Gathering (Surrey Central)
Catholic Christian Outreach Faith Study
Halaqah sessions
Catholic Chaplaincy Mass
Jamatkhana evening prayers (Ismaili Students Association)
Jummah on Fridays (Muslim Students Association)
Lifegroups (weekly meal-based groups)
Self-guided morning meditation and prayer (9:30–11:00am)
Alcoholics Anonymous meeting (SFU Burnaby)
The Point Sunday Gathering (Saywell Atrium)
Tuesday Night Fellowship (TNF)
Wednesday Fellowship / InterVarsity Christian Fellowship
Multifaith Newsletter subscription

2.
- Check the Multifaith Centre “events and gatherings” page (“See all events and gatherings”).  
- Subscribe to the Multifaith Newsletter for upcoming events, centre updates, and opportunities.  
- Attend open events to meet people and learn about faith groups (e.g., Alpha, mindfulness meditation/Ch’an, drop‑in social events).  
- Join weekly small groups and programs (Cores, Lifegroups, CCO Faith Study, Halaqah).  
- Attend regular services and gatherings (Sunday Gatherings like Every Nation Mission or The Point, Catholic Mass, Jamatkhana, Jummah on Fridays, Tuesday Night Fellowship, Wednesday Fellowship, morning meditation/prayer, AA meeting).  
- Drop in to the Multifaith Centre in person: 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., V5A 1S6.

3.
Click the "Subscribe" button on the Multifaith Centre page.  
Enter your email address in the subscription form and submit.

4.
Alpha series (faith discussion sessions)
Mindfulness meditation practices (Ch'an)
Faith group social/drop‑in events
Weekly small groups (Cores)
Sunday gatherings
Faith study series (e.g., CCO Faith Study)
Halaqah
Catholic Mass
Jamatkhana (evening prayers)
Jummah (Friday prayer)
Lifegroups (weekly meal/community groups)
Quiet self‑guided morning meditation and prayer
Alcoholics Anonymous meeting
Tuesday Night Fellowship
Wednesday Fellowship (InterVarsity)

5.
Alpha is a series of sessions exploring faith.
It involves talks that each look at a different question around faith and are designed to create conversation.

6.
Yes — monthly mindfulness meditation practices (Ch'an) and self-guided morning meditation/prayer 9:30–11:00.

7.
Burnaby & Vancouver

8.
Once a month

9.
Yes — you can drop in for a social event with a faith group.

10.
Cores are small groups to build community and grow in faith together.
They meet weekly.

11.
Yes.

Open to all members of the SFU Community.

12.
The CCO™ Faith Study Series has been designed to explore and equip disciples.

13.
Throughout the semester
Both brothers and sisters

14.
Yes.
Students, Staff, and Faculty.

15.
Yes — they are held each evening of the week by the Ismaili Students Association.

16.
Fridays
All members of the SFU Community

17.
Lifegroups are designed to do life alongside one another; their goal is to build relationship, faith, and fun.
They meet once a week for a meal.

18.
9:30 - 11am

19.
Yes.

Anyone with a desire to stop drinking is welcome, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, income or profession.

20.
Saywell Atrium on Burnaby Campus
Sunday

21.
A place to worship, hang out, and learn together through a short teaching from the Bible.

22.
A weekly gathering with InterVarsity Christian Fellowship featuring games, invited speakers, discussions, and more.

23.
Click the "See all events and gatherings" link on the Multifaith Centre webpage.
Subscribe to the Multifaith Newsletter for upcoming events and centre updates.

24.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

25.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

26.
Yes

27.
- Check out the events and gatherings page
- Subscribe to the Multifaith Newsletter
- Drop in for social events with faith groups
- Join Alpha (series exploring faith)
- Attend mindfulness meditation (Ch’an) sessions
- Sign up for a Core (weekly small groups)
- Join Sunday gatherings (Every Nation, The Point)
- Participate in Catholic Mass and CCO Faith Study
- Attend Halaqah sessions
- Join Jamatkhana evening prayers
- Attend Jummah on Fridays with the Muslim Students Association
- Join Lifegroups (weekly meals and community)
- Use the Multifaith Centre morning self-guided meditation/prayer
- Attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings at SFU Burnaby
- Join Tuesday Night Fellowship (TNF)
- Join Wednesday Fellowship (InterVarsity Christian Fellowship)

28.
Yes — Terms & Conditions and a Privacy policy are listed.

29.
Yes

30.
Saywell Atrium on Burnaby Campus

