1.
- Diverse, close‑knit community that encourages academic success, self‑discovery and exploration
- Single‑occupancy rooms (no roommates) you can personalize; seasonal “Coolest Rooms” contest
- All rooms include mini fridge, mirror, desk, chair, closet, bed, storage drawers and shelves
- Residents show higher GPAs, and higher retention and graduation rates (1st→2nd year) than commuters
- Greater sense of community, easier navigation of campus, and higher overall university satisfaction
- Plenty of social and study opportunities (late‑night study sessions, meeting people from many backgrounds)
- Large residence system across Burnaby and Vancouver (multiple buildings/communities; many undergrad and grad residents)
- Access to residence programs and campus partner supports for academic, personal and social growth (Multifaith Centre, Health Promotions, Campus Public Safety, Sexual Violence Support & Prevention, etc.)
- Student‑led, authentic resident perspectives shared via Instagram and YouTube

2.
- Residence living fosters academic success: residents show higher GPAs and higher 1st-to-2nd-year retention and graduation rates.  
- Strong sense of community and increased satisfaction with the university experience promotes engagement and motivation.  
- Access to residence programs and initiatives that support academic learning, personal and social growth.  
- Collaboration with campus partners and topic experts (Multifaith Centre, Health Promotions, Campus Public Safety, Sexual Violence Support & Prevention Office) provides targeted resources and support.  
- Proximity to campus, easier navigation of campus resources, and peer study opportunities (e.g., late‑night study sessions) encourage academic habits and self‑discovery.

3.
Jose — an SFU student resident.

His video shows a typical day in the life of a student resident, taking viewers through residences, campus and class.

4.
Apply Today

5.
Undergraduate residence
Graduate student residence
Graduate + family student residence

6.
No undergraduate admission requirements are mentioned.

7.
No — rooms are private; students do not have to share their rooms.

8.
No. Rooms are single-occupancy — no roommates or bunkmates allowed.

9.
mini fridge, mirror, desk, chair, closet, bed, storage drawers, shelves

10.
A contest to see who has the best room in residence.
It runs every fall.

11.
A student athlete on the women's wrestling team.  
Her video highlights a day-in-the-life at SFU’s Burnaby campus, touring campus through her eyes including the library, gym, and more.

12.
Burnaby campus

13.
Instagram
YouTube

14.
An SFU Residence initiative to create real-life, unfiltered, organic content produced by students that shares personal, direct perspectives on living in residence (shared via Instagram and YouTube).

15.
Residence students have higher GPAs and higher graduation and retention rates (from 1st to 2nd year) than commuting students.

16.
higher GPAs
higher graduation and retention rates from 1st to 2nd year
greater sense of community
more comfortable navigating the SFU campus
more satisfied with the overall university experience

17.
2,300 undergraduate; 2,550+ overall

18.
11
9

19.
Burnaby
Vancouver

20.
160+

21.
80+

22.
- Programs supporting academic learning  
- Personal and social growth initiatives  
- Residence Life–run programs  
- Collaborative programs with Campus Partners (Multifaith Centre, Health Promotions Team, Campus Public Safety, Sexual Violence Support & Prevention Office)  
- Coolest Rooms contest  
- Resident-produced social media/content (Instagram, YouTube; “For Students. By Students. About Students.”)  
- Campus tours/events (library, gym, orientation-style “day in the life” activities)

23.
Multifaith Centre
Health Promotions Team
Campus Public Safety
The Sexual Violence Support & Prevention Office

24.
Multifaith Centre
Health Promotions Team
Campus Public Safety
The Sexual Violence Support & Prevention Office

25.
8888 University Drive, Burnaby, B.C., Canada V5A 1S6

26.
xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo, Tsawwassen

27.
Instagram
YouTube

28.
Living in SFU residences offers a supportive, convenient, and community-rich environment that enhances academic success, personal growth, and overall university satisfaction.

