1.
Attend an Exchange Info Session
Watch the 3-part Study Abroad 101 video series

2.
Yes — watch the 3-part Study Abroad 101 video series on the basics of studying abroad.

3.
Start doing more research on the specific program(s) that interest you.

4.
Yes — other international opportunities are available to SFU students that are not administered by ISS.

5.
- Email the Study Abroad Advisor: Exchanges — studyabroad@sfu.ca (Europe, Middle East, Africa) or saofficer@sfu.ca (Asia, South Pacific, Americas); Field Schools — fieldschools@sfu.ca.  
- Book a 20‑minute Study Abroad appointment via your Advisor Link profile (appointments via Zoom or phone).  
- If you don’t see the Study Abroad Advising Team on your Success Team, email studyabroad@sfu.ca with subject “Advisor Link: Study Abroad Advising Request” and include your full name and SFU student ID.  
- Graduate students can book by emailing studyabroad@sfu.ca or saofficer@sfu.ca with their availability and intended destination.

6.
studyabroad@sfu.ca

7.
saofficer@sfu.ca

8.
fieldschools@sfu.ca

9.
Graduate students can book an appointment by emailing studyabroad@sfu.ca or saofficer@sfu.ca with their availability and intended destination.

10.
Your availability and your intended destination.

11.
Log into your Advisor Link profile with your SFU computing ID and password and book your 20‑minute Study Abroad appointment.  
Appointments are conducted via Zoom or phone.  
Add a Student Note to your appointment for specific topics.  
If you don’t see “Study Abroad Advising Team (General)” on your Success Team, email studyabroad@sfu.ca with subject “Advisor Link: Study Abroad Advising Request” and include your full name and SFU student ID.

12.
SFU computing ID and password

13.
20 minutes

14.
Remotely — via Zoom or phone.

15.
Email studyabroad@sfu.ca with the subject "Advisor Link: Study Abroad Advising Request" and include your full name and SFU student ID.

16.
Advisor Link: Study Abroad Advising Request

17.
Your full name and your SFU student ID.

18.
Add a Student Note to your appointment if there are specific things you would like to discuss.

19.
Monday–Friday 9 AM–12 PM and 1 PM–4 PM (except holidays)

20.
International Services for Students
Simon Fraser University
MBC 1200, 8888 University Drive
Burnaby, BC, V5A 1S6 Canada

21.
MBC 1200, 8888 University Drive, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6 Canada

22.
International Services for Students (ISS): No
Simon Fraser University: Yes

