F T I

Find everything you need to manage your studies at SFU! Learn about important dates and deadlines, how to log in to goSFU, enrol in classes, and get your SFU ID card. You can also find information on U-Pass BC, how to pay your tuition and fees, and details about exams.

Check how to track your academic progress, view your grades, apply for graduation, and request official documents and records. If you ever need assistance, you can find everything you need to know about appeals and other support services.

We're here to help — both online and in person at our offices on the SFU Burnaby, Surrey, and Vancouver campuses.

Keep track of important SFU dates and deadlines — from enrolment and course changes to tuition payments, refunds, and graduation.

See all dates and deadlines

Access goSFU for course enrolment, viewing grades, tracking your degree progress, ordering transcripts, and applying for graduation.

Learn how and when to enrol in classes, find course information and look up exam schedules in your Student Centre. Understand official policies and regulations at SFU by referencing the Academic Calendar.

Your SFU ID card gives you access to libraries, labs, exams, and other student services. Learn how to get your card, use it on campus, replace a lost or stolen card, update your name, and find answers to common questions.

The mandatory U-Pass BC Program gives SFU students unlimited access to public transit in Metro Vancouver using a Compass Card. Learn about the program, check your eligibility and fees, and find answers to frequently asked questions.

Learn about the fees on your student account, how to make payments, and how to request refunds.

Learn how to check your exam schedule, understand your student responsibilities, explore available study spaces, review the scheduling procedure, and find out what to do if you experience exam hardship.

Use the Academic Progress Report (APR) to track your degree requirements, see what you’ve completed, and explore how your courses might transfer to another program. You can also view your grades anytime in your Student Centre.

Complete your graduation check, apply to graduate, confirm your attendance at Convocation, and plan your special day.

Request official documentation like your transcript, confirmation of enrolment letter and other records.

Unexpected situations can sometimes arise during your studies. Explore the supports and resources available to you as an SFU student.

Need help enrolling in courses? Paying tuition and fees? Finding dates and deadlines? Getting or replacing your SFU ID card? We're here to help you become familiar with the services and resources available to you as an SFU student. Read through our FAQs and then connect with the right team for assistance.

get help

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


