F T I

Explore our programs by discovering your possibilities! Find out how an interdisciplinary education will foster in you a love and curiosity for learning, and reward you with a student experience that extends beyond the classroom. Start your academic journey at SFU and see where your desired career takes you.

If you already know the program you want to pursue, search for it on the A to Z list. If you have a general idea of what you'd like to study, but want to narrow it down, browse our programs by faculty.

Explore our programs by discovering your possibilities! Find out how an interdisciplinary education will foster in you a love and curiosity for learning, and reward you with a student experience that extends beyond the classroom.

If you already know the program you want to pursue, search for it on the A to Z list. If you have a general idea of what you'd like to study, but want to narrow it down, browse our programs by faculty.

View A to Z list

Faculty of Applied Sciences

Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences

Beedie School of Business

Faculty of Communication, Art and Technology

Faculty of Education

Faculty of Environment

Faculty of Health Sciences

Faculty of Science

Full-time SFU international students who graduate from a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or a Doctoral degree program and who meet all of the post-graduation work permit (PGWP) eligibility criteria may be eligible for a post-graduate work permit for up to three years.

International students who intend to only complete a non-degree program, including a diploma, certificate or post-baccalaureate program, should confirm that their non-degree program meets current post-graduate work permit eligibility by reviewing the latest field of study requirements on the Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada website.

For more information about employment options for international students, please consult SFU International Student Advising and Programs’ Employment and Volunteer page.

Did you know? SFU is the only university in BC to offer students a variety of courses and programs taught in French.

Whether French is your first or an additional language, you may want to pursue your studies at SFU through bilingual programs or elective courses taught in French.

Learn more about programs in French

Once you’ve explored our undergraduate programs, join us for a campus tour of SFU Burnaby or SFU Surrey, and attend our upcoming events! Having a program or faculty in mind, by doing your research beforehand, prepares you to:

Visit Campus Tours & Events

Your student journey at SFU is made up of interconnected personal, academic, and professional paths and possibilities—all of which speak to the student experience. You'll have access to services and supports that can help you make the most of your experience here, throughout your undergraduate studies:

Discover the SFU student experience

Get regular updates on our programs, applications and admission details, important dates, invites to campus tours and events, features about the student experience, and more in your inbox!

Join the mailing list

Get regular updates on our programs, applications and admission details, important dates, invites to campus tours and events, features about the student experience, and more in your inbox!

Join the mailing list

8888 University Drive
Burnaby, B.C.
Canada V5A 1S6

 

Stay connected
Get help

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


