F T I

37K+

ENROLLED STUDENTS IN 2023

8,290+

INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS FROM
133 COUNTRIES

200K+

ALUMNI ALL OVER THE WORLD

180K+

ALUMNI ALL OVER THE WORLD

Apply to Canada's #1 comprehensive university and see yourself joining the SFU community! Whether you're a high school student or a transfer student from another post-secondary institution, follow these steps to help you submit your application.

1

1

Explore the educational paths you can take through our interdisciplinary programs, their requirements, the application timeline, and get started on your journey!

Start your application

Start your application

Download our viewbook

All applications to post-secondary institutions in British Columbia are submitted through this application service. Select Simon Fraser University as the institution you are applying to.

Application fee payable online by credit card:

Admission deposit upon acceptance of offer:

Explore our programs

Explore the interdisciplinary programs, faculties, and diverse career options you're interested in, and check admission requirements that vary with your pathway to SFU.

Explore our programs

Your next steps

Once you submit your application, you'll have a to-do list of items dependent on your pathway. Maximize your chances of an early of admission by submitting your documents sooner and reviewing what's next.

I've applied to SFU, what's next?

Timeline and evaluation

High school students in BC and Yukon are on a different pathway than students from other provinces in Canada and outside of Canada. Find out how we'll evaluate your application.

VIEW TIMELINE FOR BC/YUKON APPLICANTS

Explore the interdisciplinary programs, faculties, and diverse career options you're interested in, and check admission requirements that vary with your pathway to SFU.

Explore our programs

Once you submit your application, you'll have a to-do list of items dependent on your pathway. Maximize your chances of an early of admission by submitting your documents sooner and reviewing what's next.

I've applied to SFU, what's next?

High school students in BC and Yukon are on a different pathway than students from other provinces in Canada and outside of Canada. Find out how we'll evaluate your application.

VIEW TIMELINE FOR BC/YUKON APPLICANTS

June 16, 2025 to September 15, 2025

December 1, 2025 to January 15, 2026

October 1, 2025 to January 31, 2026.

March 1, 2026 to April 15, 2026

2

2

Take the opportunity to speak directly with SFU representatives and current students, as they'll share insight into our faculties and programs, answer your questions, and offer guidance in completing your SFU application with confidence.

Our student guides will take you through learning environments around campus and share personal experiences with student life, campus culture, and what it's like to be part of the SFU community. In-person and virtual tours are offered!

Book a campus tour

Connect with SFU recruitment and admissions representatives at upcoming general and faculty-specific events to get information on our programs and guidance through the application process.

View our events

If you have any questions about our faculties or programs, your application and requirements, the admissions process, or anything else related to joining the SFU community, we'll do our best to help you.

Connect with us

3

3

With your application to SFU underway, start thinking about where you'll want to live during your undergraduate studies. Consider factors that will optimize your student experience like proximity to classes on campus, accesss to amenities, and things that complement your lifestyle and personal preferences.

Enjoy your own private living and study space, access to housing amenities, all-you-care-to-eat meal plans at the 24/7 Dining Commons, on-campus supports and more. Guaranteed housing is available for first-year students who meet eligibility requirements and are starting in the Fall term.

Learn more and apply for SFU Residence and Housing

Greater Vancouver is one of the most desirable places in Canada for students to live in! We'll help you think about off-campus housing options to give an idea of your budget, location, lifestyle preferences and other important considerations.

Learn about off-campus housing options

We’ll send you essential, timely information that will help you with your application to SFU, provide guidance on your next steps, share unique insight into the SFU student experience and more.

Share your details with us

8888 University Drive
Burnaby, B.C.
Canada V5A 1S6

 

Stay connected
Get help

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


