F T I

A safety committee structure supports and guides programs at SFU. The committees are comprised of:

A variation has been issued by WorkSafeBC for the safety committee structure at the Burnaby, Vancouver and Surrey campuses.  

The Local Joint Health and Safety Committees (LJHSC) report to department heads. They assist in monitoring departmental safety programs, safety concerns raised by employees and students, make recommendations to department heads and promote safety communication.

The Local Joint Health and Safety Committees are established by their terms of reference.

Additional resources for safety committee members are available on the safety committee SharePoint site

A guidance document is available for safety committee members that outlines the mandate of safety committees, the roles and responsibilities of committee members, communication between CUHSC and the LJHSCs, and how safety concerns/issues are raised from the LJHSCs to CUHSC.

The Central University Health and Safety Committee (CUHSC) reports to the Chief Safety Officer and addresses safety policies and safety issues arising in public areas.  It also promotes communication and information sharing among local joint health and safety committees.  

The Central University Health and Safety Committee (CUHSC) is established by its terms of reference.

Review the current CUHSC list of voting members and meeting minutes.

The objective of inspections is to identify safety hazards in order for them to be mitigated/eliminated. The LJHSC are responsible for conducting inspections of their areas of responsibility.  

Inspections are performed using an Inspections Management module, available at: https://safety.sfu.ca/

Inspection Resources:

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

