F T I

All health and safety incidents including near miss incidents (sometimes called "close calls") must be reported to the involved person's supervisor and online through the SFU Health & Safety Incident Reporting system within 24 hours of the incident occurring. If the involved or injured person is unable to complete the report, it may be filled out by the person's supervisor or another individual with knowledge of the incident.

Online incident reporting ensures incident details are documented to allow for incident investigation and prevention of similar incidents on campus and, if an incident evolves into a claim, the incident report supports the worker's claim for compensation (through WorkSafeBC).

Certain serious incidents must be immediately reported to WorkSafeBC. The Supervisor or another individual with knowledge of the incident must contact EHS as soon as possible for assistance with reporting to WorkSafeBC, if the incident meets any of the following descriptions:

Contact EHS by phone 778-782-7264 during weekday working hours. If no response or if after hours, call Burnaby Campus Security at 778-782-4500 and ask for EHS to be contacted.

Supervisors are responsible for ensuring injured individuals receive care for their injuries and that proper reporting of health and safety incidents occurs. For additional information about Supervisor responsibilities, see Supervisor Safety Training under Training and Orientation.

Covered by WorkSafeBC:

Not covered by WorkSafeBC:

Additional reporting may be required within your department, for example to your Chair, Dean, Director or VP, depending on the nature of the incident.

Certain serious incidents must be immediately reported to WorkSafeBC. Contact EHS for assistance with this process and see "Serious incident reporting" above for more information.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

