F T I

It is currently 5°C on campus with cloudy skies and fog in certain areas of the campus. Roadways, parking lots, and walkways are wet. Driving conditions are fair and visibility is limited due to fog.  

Weather Conditions | Traffic Notices | Traffic Cameras

Weather Conditions | Traffic Conditions | Traffic Camera


Weather Conditions | Traffic Conditions | Traffic Cameras


Below are screenshot images taken from our traffic cameras which updates every 15 seconds for 30 minutes. 


This view looks at the interior courtyard of the Academic Quadrangle (AQ). At the centre is the AQ pond which during most times of the year is full of koi fish. In the distance are the North Shore mountains.

Mounted on the AQ rooftop, this camera view overlooks the drive up to the University. In the centre of the image is the Maggie Benston Centre building and Terry Fox field in the distance.

Mounted on the AQ rooftop, this camera view overlooks the Trottier Observatory and Science Courtyard. Multiple UniverCity residential towers are in the distance.

This is the intersection of Gaglardi Way, University Drive and Burnaby Mountain Parkway. The camera position changes often, but generally shows the intersection itself, with Burnaby and Vancouver beyond it down the mountain.

Facing north on Tower Road, this view shows the prominent Water Tower structure in the background. For residential privacy reasons, some areas of this camera feed have been intentionally blurred.

Facing south along Tower Road, this view shows the descent down to the South Campus Road intersection and beyond to University Drive East.

This is the view from the seventh floor of the Library at the Burnaby campus of SFU. The camera presently faces west-northwest along University Drive North and shows the roadway, with the West Mall Complex on the left. In the far distance you can often see North and West Vancouver and the north shore mountains.

This view is from the roof of the BLU building facing south. This area will be the site of the new Marianne and Edward Gibson Art Museum.

This view is from the roof of the BRH building facing north. This area will be the new site of the new Phase 3 Student Housing Project.


 

Visit the severe weather page for campus safety resources. Find information on winter weather preparedness, winter driving, tips to avoid fall and slips, and more.  

Environment Canada

The Weather Network

Deer and other wildlife may suddenly appear on roadways. Drive slowly around Burnaby Mountain. Learn more about wildlife safety here.


Latest traffic updates can also be heard on AM1130 and AM980.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

