F T I

When a penalty has been assigned for academic dishonesty or academic misconduct, students can dispute the facts of the case by submitting an appeal to the University Board on Student Discipline (UBSD) or students can dispute the severity of the penalty by submitting an appeal to the Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals (SCODA). Appeals must be submitted in writing within three (3) weeks of the date of notification by the instructor, the Chair, or the Registrar.

Students are strongly advised to consult with the Ombudsperson when they are considering an appeal. The Office of the Ombudsperson is an independent, impartial and confidential resource for students. The Ombudsperson is available to assist students with the process for appealing allegations of academic dishonesty. The Ombudsperson provides information and guidance on students’ rights and responsibilities, as well as University regulations, policies and procedures. If you are unsure if your appeal has merit, please contact the Ombudsperson and refer to these important academic integrity FAQ’s.

The Academic Honesty and Student Conduct Policies can be found here: http://www.sfu.ca/policies/gazette/student.html

If the university has imposed a penalty for academic dishonesty or academic misconduct and you wish to dispute the severity of the penalty, you may appeal to the Senate Committee on Disciplinary Appeals. The downloadable application form must be sent to withdraw@sfu.ca within three (3) weeks of the date of notification by the instructor, the Chair, or the Registrar.

Learn more about SCODA.

SCODA-disciplinary-penalty-appeal-application.pdf

If the university has imposed a penalty for academic dishonesty or academic misconduct and you wish to dispute the facts of the case, you may appeal to the University Board on Student Discipline. The downloadable application form must be sent to senate@sfu.ca within three (3) weeks of the date of notification by the instructor, the Chair, or the Registrar.

Learn more about UBSD.

University Board on Student Discipline Student Appeal application.pdf

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


