F T I

Your U-Pass BC eligibility is determined the day after enrolment. If you meet the requirements to be eligible, then the U-Pass BC term fee is assessed to your student financial account within two business days after you enrol in course(s).

*Please note that during the Summer term, SFU also offers Intersession and Summer Session courses. Eligibility for the U-Pass BC Program will vary depending on the type of session. If you are enrolled in all Summer term courses or a combination of Summer term, Intersession, and Summer Session courses and meet the requirements for the U-Pass BC Program, then you will be eligible for the four months, May through August.

Must meet all of the following criteria:

Undergraduate and graduate students are not eligible for the U-Pass BC Program if they meet one of the following criteria AND do not meet all of the eligible criteria listed above:

1: If you are living outside Metro Vancouver and enrolled in courses held outside Metro Vancouver or taking online courses, your mailing address must remain outside Metro Vancouver until the first day of the month following the current term to avoid being charged the full U-Pass BC term fee. For example, for the 2025 Summer term, you will need to maintain your outside Metro Vancouver mailing address until September 1, 2025.

Please note that maintaining your outside Metro Vancouver mailing address will not affect U-Pass BC eligibility for the following term for students enrolled in courses being held on-campus or within Metro Vancouver.

Check your eligibility

Before being able to apply for exemption applications, you must be enrolled in course(s) and be eligible for the U-Pass BC Program during the term. Please note that an approved U-Pass BC exemption is only valid for one term. You need to submit an exemption application every term.


Learn more

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


