F T I

The Senate Appeals Board hears appeals from students on matters involving the application of academic policies and requirements relating to but not limited to:

Is your appeal for only selected courses?

The Senate Appeals Board wants to know why your circumstances impacted only some courses and not the others in a term. A clear timeline of events is helpful for the Board to determine your special circumstances, including dates.

Review Senate Appeals Board Terms of reference 

Appeals must be filed with the secretary within 3 weeks of receipt of the denied decision. To open an appeal, email sabapp@sfu.ca a completed application form. Indicate that you require time to obtain new supporting documentation.

Please contact the Secretary at sabapp@sfu.ca if there is a delay.

Students registered with the Centre for Accessible Learning

Next scheduled meeting:
Wednesday, December 17, 2025 

Application due date: 
Monday, December 8, 2025 at 12:00pm

If you've missed this month's deadline, you may submit your application for the following month. 

Students should first seek out the advice of the University Ombudsperson prior to submitting an appeal. Please contact the Univsersity Ombudsperson for an appointment.  

Your completed appeal package must include the following:

Please do not submit any documentation from your original WE application package.

Appeals will be considered if new information or documentation not originally presented is provided

or

documented evidence to support the following:

Next scheduled meeting:
Wednesday, December 17, 2025 

Application due date: 
Monday, December 8, 2025 at 12:00pm

If you've missed this month's deadline, you may submit your application for the following month. 

The Senate Appeals Board will review the written submission to determine if you have

The Board will then:

In exceptional cases, students may be asked to appear if the Board needs more information to make a decision on your appeal. The Secretary will contact you to book the date and time. Questions will be posed by the members of the Board and you will be provided with an opportunity to clarify your situation. You have the right to bring a support person with you.

Questions

Please contact the Secretary of the Senate Appeals Board at sabapp@sfu.ca.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


