F T I

Your SFU ID card is your access key to many student services. 

Terms of use

This Agreement and Simon Fraser University’s policies, procedures, guidelines and regulations govern the SFU card. By obtaining a SFU ID Card, the cardholder agrees to abide by this agreement and the University’s regulations, policies and procedures. All terms and conditions on the use of the SFU ID are subject to change from time to time and without notice. Future changes will apply to all SFU ID cards in circulation and will supersede the previous terms and conditions in effect at the time the cardholder acquired their SFU ID card. The use of the words “you” and “your” denote the person named on the SFU ID card.

Learn more

Keep track of important SFU dates and deadlines — from enrolment and course changes to tuition payments, refunds, and graduation.

See all dates and deadlines

Learn about using your card or what to do if you lose it.

Getting your ID card

Using your Card

Frequently asked questions

Lost or stolen ID card

Changing your name

Email: reginfo@sfu.ca
Phone: 778 782 6930
Fax: 778 782 4969

Please note that the Registrar and Information Services offices will be closed on all General Holidays.

Financial Aid and Awards

*Applicants can also submit their admission questions online using the Future Students portal.

Contact Registrar and Information Services via LiveHelp for quick questions regarding goSFU, enrolment, academic dates and deadlines, tuition, University policies and regulations, transcript requests, SFU ID cards, form completion and custom letters. Sign in using your SFU computing ID through a secure connection.

Launch liveHelp

See campus location and hours

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


