F T I

Finding trustworthy help can sometimes be a challenge, so we have compiled an ethical Supports and Resources page for you. If you are looking for support with your studies, be aware of companies that advertise services that sound too good to be true. Unfortunately, some students have been duped and extorted by third party companies claiming to provide academic support.

Tutors can be a good resource for you if you want additional support, and SFU approved tutors are available to help. However, unethical tutors can put you at risk of violating SFU’s academic integrity policy. An ethical tutor will teach you concepts so that you can learn on your own. An unethical tutor relies on keeping students dependent on the tutor. Remember, academic integrity leads to professional integrity.

Will help you understand concepts so that you can apply your learning.

Reassures you that you will improve with practice and that all quality work takes time and hard work.

Can help you become a true master of your work so that when you are in a career you will be able to do what you are hired for.

Will do your assignment/essay for you without checking if this is permitted by the instructor.

Makes you believe that SFU courses are too hard for you to succeed in without their help.

Advertises a “guarantee” on grades and promises answers to test questions which give you a false sense of your skills and abilities.

Purchasing assignments, exam questions, or essays is a serious violation of the SFU Academic Integrity policy. Don’t be fooled by promises/guarantees of a high grade and take a risk that jeopardizes your chance of academic success. The most common consequence for students who are found to have submitted work authored by someone else is to receive a zero for the work, with the possibility of also receiving an FD grade (Failed for Dishonesty) on their student transcript.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


