F T I

Documents and records can help you with your official paperwork. They handle requests for documents such as official transcripts, confirmation of enrolment, letters of permission to attend a second institution and more.

Your student record includes your personal information and transcripts. A transcript is a record of a student's academic history including courses taken and grades received. You can also request verification and confirmation of enrolment documents

Transcripts

Confirmation of enrolment

Credential completion letter

Degree verification

Parchment Replacement

SFU is subject to the requirements of the Criminal Records Review Act, which means that all students who are enrolled in programs that include a practicum component involving work with children or vulnerable adults will have to undergo a criminal record check before they will be permitted to register in the practicum

Learn more

If you wish to take courses at another institution, you should consult an academic advisor. You will also need to download and complete the Letter of Permission application.

Learn more

Email: reginfo@sfu.ca
Phone: 778 782 6930
Fax: 778 782 4969

Financial Aid and Awards

*Applicants can also submit their admission questions online using the Future Students portal.

Contact Registrar and Information Services via LiveHelp for quick questions regarding goSFU, enrolment, academic dates and deadlines, tuition, University policies and regulations, transcript requests, SFU ID cards, form completion and custom letters. Sign in using your SFU computing ID through a secure connection.

Launch liveHelp

See campus location and hours

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


