F T I

To obtain your SFU ID card, please bring a physical copy of a valid, government-issued photo ID. Electronic copies and high school ID cards are not accepted.

New students can obtain their SFU ID card 24 hours after enrolling in courses.

New and returning students, faculty, and staff must visit a Registrar and Information Services office at one of the three campuses that is most convenient for them to request or renew their ID.

The valid government-issued photo ID you bring must include your full name and date of birth in English, and it must not be expired. Acceptable forms of ID include your passport, Canadian driver's license, or Certificate of Indian Status.

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.

SFU ID cards are automatically renewed whenever you enrol in courses. You must keep your card for the duration of your studies at SFU and thereafter as an alumnus.

Following the first payroll cycle, staff and faculty can get their SFU Employee ID card at any of our three campuses Registrar and Information Services offices. 

You may need a Student ID Card if you live in SFU Residence and Housing and need access to the dining hall.

FIC students are able to request their ID and replacement IDs at any of our three campuses Registrar and Information Services offices.

Visiting faculty and scholars, SFU Childcare staff, visiting graduate students, and members of the SFU community who are being sponsored by a department may be eligible to receive an SFU ID card and library borrowing privileges. Visiting students who do not pay the Student Services fee will be required to pay $20 + PST before receiving their SFU ID card.

To determine your eligibility for an SFU ID card, our office requires a letter from your department that lists your start and end dates at SFU, along with a valid piece of government-issued photo ID.  

If you are not a visitor at SFU, please visit the SFU Library directly to obtain an external borrower card, or refer to the SFU Recreation website for information on their services.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


