F T I

If you wish to take courses at another institution, please refer to the SFU Academic Calendar.

Students at SFU who wish to complete academic work at other institutions for undergraduate degree, diploma, or certificate credit must obtain permission in advance by applying for a Letter of Permission. A Letter of Permission cannot be approved retroactively. Please allow six to eight weeks for processing your request. 

A non-refundable application fee of $40.00 is required for the Letter of Permission. This fee will be charged to your student account once you submit the completed application form and supporting documentation via email to urecords@sfu.ca.

Before submitting your application, students are required to consult with an advisor. If you have declared a program, you should meet with your departmental advisor. If you have not yet declared a program, please consult with your faculty advisor.

If your Letter of Permission application is approved, it will remain valid for one year from the date of approval.

Apply for a Letter of Permission

Please note: Recommendations and approvals from your department or faculty do not guarantee that your Letter of Permission application will be granted.

Should I consult an advisor if i am planning to apply for a letter of permission? How long does it take for the letter of permission to be approved?

Students who are considering applying for a Letter of Permission should consult with their department advisor if they have declared a major, or with their faculty advisor if they have not yet declared. It’s important to allow six to eight weeks for the processing of the application. Normally, a Letter of Permission will not be approved retroactively.

Can any student apply for a letter of permission?

Students who are pursuing a degree, diploma, or certificate at SFU can apply for a Letter of Permission. However, students enrolled in non-degree programs are not eligible to apply. 

To qualify, students must have completed a minimum of 9 units at SFU and must be in good academic standing when they submit their Letter of Permission application to urecords@sfu.ca. Since academic standing is only determined after all term grades have been received, students may need to wait until their third term at SFU before they are eligible to take a course elsewhere.

Can I apply for a letter of permission to take a course at another institution for any reason?

Permission to take a course at another institution will not be granted unless a valid academic reason is provided. For example, taking a course in a discipline not offered at SFU, such as Czech language. While an approved Letter of Permission guarantees that the credit will count toward the overall credit requirement, it does not guarantee that the credit will meet a specific program requirement.

What grades must I achieve in the courses in order to receive transfer credit?

To receive transfer credit for courses completed at other institutions, students must earn a grade of at least C (which is a 2.0 on a numeric scale) or 60%. Courses graded on a Pass/Fail (P/F) basis do not qualify for transfer credit.

It is the student’s responsibility to have an official transcript from the institution they attended sent to urecords@sfu.ca in order for the transfer credit to be awarded.

Can my letter of permission application be denied?

Below are some reasons why your Letter of Permission application may be denied:

* Please note that transfer credits are not considered in the calculation of the SFU CGPA.

** A student cannot remove an F, N, or poor grade from their SFU record by retaking the course at another institution.

THE INSTITUTION I WISH TO ATTEND WITH A LETTER OF PERMISSION REQUIRES A FORMAL LETTER FROM SFU. HOW DO I REQUEST THIS LETTER?

When you submit your Letter of Permission application via email to urecords@sfu.ca, be sure to include your formal letter request in the message. It's essential to provide relevant information, such as the name of the requesting department at the other institution, along with any websites or email addresses that outline the requirements for the letter. 

If a Letter of Permission application is not applicable, or if your application is denied and you would still like to discuss the possibility of obtaining a letter to share with another institution, please reach out to urecords@sfu.ca. Please note that a custom letter fee may apply.

WILL I BE CHARGED A LETTER OF PERMISSION APPLICATION FEE?

Yes. Upon submitting your application to urecords@sfu.ca, a non-refundable fee of $40 will be charged to your student account. The application will be processed once the payment is received.

WILL I GET A REFUND OF THE APPLICATION FEE IF MY LETTER OF PERMISSION APPLICATION IS DENIED?

No. The application fee is non-refundable.

If my Letter of Permission application is approved, how long is the approval valid?

If a Letter of Permission application is approved, it will be valid for one year from the date of approval. It is the student's responsibility to ensure that an official transcript from the visiting institution is sent to urecords@sfu.ca in order for transfer credit to be granted before the approval expires.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


