F T I

As graduate of SFU, you should have received your parchment at your Convocation ceremony or had it sent to you after the ceremony.

If you need to replace your parchment or would like to request additional copies of your parchment, please fill out the Parchment Replacement Form.

All parchments are printed on security paper with the Simon Fraser University seal and signatures of Chancellor, President, Dean of your Faculty, and Registrar. All outstanding accounts must be cleared before a parchment is released.

All academic parchments are confidential and can only be released by request from an alumnus. To ensure security and privacy, we do not accept parchment requests by phone.

You can request a parchment by completing the Parchment Replacement Form. You need to include your student number and sign the request form for us to process your order. If you do not remember your student number, SFU alumni can obtain the ID at www.sfu.ca/alumni/forms/student-number-request.html. Pay with cheque, Visa, or MasterCard.

Phone: 778.782.4969

For rush requests, please contact Undergraduate Records at 778.782.6930 to verify that your request has been received.

Student Services: Parchment Replacement Requests
Simon Fraser University
MBC 3200
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, BC  V5A 1S6

By email

You can request a parchment by completing the Parchment Replacement Form. You need to include your student number and sign the request form for us to process your order. If you do not remember your student number, SFU alumni can obtain the ID at www.sfu.ca/alumni/forms/student-number-request.html. Please make a payment through internet banking prior to emailing us your parchment replacement form. Do NOT email us your credit card information.

urecords@sfu.ca

If you would like to verify that your request has been received, please contact Undergraduate Records at 778.782.6930.

You can request a parchment replacement in person at the Registrar and Information Services counter at any of the three campuses below. Photo identification is required to order and pick up your parchment. Pay by cheque, debit card, Visa, or MasterCard.

Burnaby
3200 Maggie Benston Centre
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, BC  V5A 1S6

Surrey
Mezzanine level
250 - 13450 - 102nd Avenue
Surrey, BC  V3T 0A3

Vancouver
1100 Harbour Centre
515 West Hastings Street
Vancouver, BC  V6B 5K3

See office hours and maps and directions for Burnaby, Surrey, and Vancouver.

Note: cash is not accepted at the Registrar and Information Services counters (Burnaby, Vancouver, and Surrey). Please review the payment options before you order a parchment in person.

We process parchment replacement requests on a monthly basis on the 15th (if it falls on the weekend, next business day).

Payments must be received in full before the 15th of the month. If your payment is received after the 15th, your request will be processed and mailed the following month.

Processing time is calculated from the day the request is received to the day the parchment is available for pick-up or mailed out. Rush orders are guaranteed to be processed within five business days.

Rush processing is an additional $50 + $3.50 (PST) per order, and does not include the parchment costs and priority delivery. Rush orders must be made in person or by fax. Rush processing is not available for email or mail-in requests.

We will email you with a tracking number or a pick-up time upon completing your rush order request.

Please note that priority delivery service expedites transit time, not processing time. Parchments are sent by CanadaPost Xpresspost™ for priority delivery at an additional cost. This service provides expedited delivery times and a tracking number for added security, allowing you to track your parcel’s progress.

Prices below list only the priority delivery charges by region.

We will email you with information when your parchment replacement will be available for pick-up at the Registrar and Information Services counter you selected for pick up. Photo identification is required to pick up your parchment.

3200 Maggie Benston Centre
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, BC  V5A 1S6

Mezzanine level
250 - 13450 - 102nd Avenue   
Surrey, BC  V3T 0A3

Harbour Centre
515 West Hastings Street
Vancouver, BC  V6B 5K3

See office hours for Registrar and Information Services and for Graduate and Postdoctural Studies.

You can designate a third party to pick up your parchment by adding a Privacy Service Indicator in your Student Center or by writing a letter of authorization.

If you are writing a letter of authorization, it must include the following information:

The third party must provide valid SFU or government-issued photo identification and the letter of written authorization, if applicable, at the time of pick-up.

If you chose to have your parchment sent by courier, you can track your order by the following methods:

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


