F T I

The Student Centre within go.sfu.ca allows you to manage and view information about your student record.

Keep track of important SFU dates and deadlines — from enrolment and course changes to tuition payments, refunds, and graduation.

See all dates and deadlines

How to access goSFU 

You have 24/7 access to goSFU as an SFU and FIC student, alumnus, staff, or faculty. See how you can access goSFU.

Undergraduate applicants should log in to https://applicant.sfu.ca using their 9-digit SFU student number and temporary password. After they have been matriculated and officially become SFU students, they will receive an email notifying them of their Computing ID, which can be used for goSFU and other SFU services.

As a new student, please check this page to find out when you will receive this email.

SFU and FIC students should log in using their Computing ID.

Graduate applicants can access goSFU once they receive an email indicating that their Computing ID is available. As a new student, please check this page to see when you can expect to receive this email. If you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to gradap@sfu.ca.

Alumni do not lose access to goSFU after they graduate. The only exception to alumni potentially not having access to goSFU is if they graduated before 2009. Alumni can reactivate their SFU accounts by referring to the instructions.

If an alumnus has forgotten their computing ID, they can recover it through Computing ID Lookup.

After you accept your offer of admission and pay your admission deposit, an email will be sent to your non-SFU email address with the subject line "Your SFU Computing ID is Available." Instructions on how to activate your computing ID can be found in that email. 

How to pay tuition and fees

It is important to keep track of your student financial account and deadlines. You can make payments, set up direct deposit, and accept any financial aid and award offers online.

How to enrol in classes

You can enrol in classes online, so find out when and how you can enrol. A letter that confirms your enrolment status and program of study is also available for you to download.

Check your academic progress and view grades

You can view your Academic Progress Report (APR) to learn about your program requirements and track your academic progress.

Your grades will be available at the end of each term. Remember to check your grades to ensure you are on the path to success. Review the grading systems and policies.

Within your Student Centre: 

Apply to graduate

You need to apply for graduation online if you are close to completing your program. A letter that confirms completion of your studies can also be downloaded.

Official documents and personal settings

An official transcript is a complete record of your academic history at SFU and can be ordered online. You can also download an advising transcript before you meet with your advisor.

You can choose to give somebody access to your student and personal information or designate them to pick up a document on your behalf.

Make sure your student record is accurate by updating your personal information in both goSFU and myINFO. Students and staff can update their emergency contact, information release, phone numbers, addresses, gender identity and more. 

Email: reginfo@sfu.ca
Phone: 778 782 6930
Fax: 778 782 4969

Financial Aid and Awards

*Applicants can also submit their admission questions online using the Future Students portal.

Contact Registrar and Information Services via LiveHelp for quick questions regarding goSFU, enrolment, academic dates and deadlines, tuition, University policies and regulations, transcript requests, SFU ID cards, form completion and custom letters. Sign in using your SFU computing ID through a secure connection.

Launch liveHelp

See campus location and hours

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


