F T I

1. What is the SFU ID card?

The SFU ID card is your official SFU identification card (for use by current students, staff and faculty, and by alumni). It is a multi-function card that can be used for purchases at certain retailers on campus. The card has a declining balance account that allows you to easily add funds.


2. Who is eligible for an SFU ID card?


All enrolled students, staff or faculty members, and alumni hired or sponsored by SFU are eligible for an SFU ID card.


3. Where and how do I use my SFU ID card?


Present your card to a cashier and have your bar code or mag strip scanned. Your card has many uses. See Using your card for more information.


4. How do I get my SFU ID card?


See Getting your card for instructions.

5. How do I deposit funds into my SFU ID card account?


You can add funds to your card at Dining Services. See Using your card and adding funds.

6. I have purchased a meal plan. Will it be added automatically to my SFU ID card?


Yes. Any meal plan you purchase is automatically loaded onto your card.


7. Can I have multiple accounts on my SFU ID card?


No, your SFU ID card gives you the flexibility of having only one meal plan account. Dining Services offers a variety of meal plans to cater to your individual eating habits. The meal plans vary from larger plans for students living on campus to smaller flexible options for students living off campus. For more information on meal plan options, see Meal Plans.

8. What do I do if any SFU ID card is lost, stolen or damaged?


During hours of operation, lost or stolen SFU ID cards should be reported to Registrar and Information Services at any of the three campuses. During non-business hours, lost or stolen SFU cards should be reported to Campus Security Lost and Found.

In many cases, a lost SFU ID card is simply misplaced. If you cannot find your card, go to Registrar and Information Services during regular office hours to get a new card. One piece of government-issued photo identification is required. A $20 fee (plus applicable taxes) replacement fees applies for all students who are getting a replacement card.

Note: Once a replacement SFU ID card is issued, any previously issued SFU card will become inactive. If you find your inactive card, please destroy it.

9. If I lost my SFU ID card, do I lose the funds I have on it?


You will not lose funds if you report it before someone has the chance to use your card. It is important to get a replacement card as soon as you realize that it has been lost or stolen since you are responsible for all transactions made prior to the card being deactivated. Go to Registrar and Information Services at any of our three campuses to deactivate your lost/stolen card and get a new replacement card. A $20 fee (plus applicable taxes) replacement fee applies for students. The funds on your SFU ID card will be transferred to your new SFU ID card.

10. What do I do if I lose my SFU ID card during the evening or on a weekend?


If your SFU card is lost outside business hours, report it to Campus Security. Unfortunately, you will not be able to use SFU facilities, including the Library, Dining Services or Recreation facilities until you get a replacement SFU ID card.


11. If someone uses my SFU ID card before I report it lost or stolen, can I get credit for the amount the card was used for?


No. Unfortunately, we cannot credit purchases made fraudulently by someone else. That is why it is important to take care of your SFU ID card and get a replacement as soon as you notice it is missing. If someone has used your SFU card fraudulently, report it to Campus Security as soon as possible so the incident can be investigated.


12. What should I do if I find a SFU ID card?

Report it to Campus Security or, during business hours, to Registrar and Information Services.


13. How do I get a replacement SFU ID card and what do I need to bring with me?


You will need to go to Registrar and Information Services at any of our three campuses during business hours and pay A $20 fee (plus applicable taxes) to get a replacement card. You must bring photo identification to receive a new SFU ID card.

14. What should I do if my SFU ID card does not seem to be working?


If you are having problems when using your SFU ID card, drop by the Registrar and Information Services counter during regular business hours. You may need to get a replacement SFU card.


15. Can someone else use my SFU ID card if I give them permission?


Your SFU student/staff/faculty ID card is non-transferable and can be used only by you. In the event your card is used by a person other than you, the card will be confiscated and you may be subject to sanctions, pursuant to University policy. This includes the policy on academic fraud.


One exception is authorizing a designated borrower to use your card on your behalf at the library. Please see Designated Borrower for more information.


16. How much money should I add to my SFU ID card for the year?


This will vary from person to person. One of the conveniences of your SFU ID card is being able to easily check your account balance online and add funds when needed. If you're planning to buy a meal plan, visit Meal Plans to find out more.

Also, consider visiting the Budget Estimator to assist you in managing your finances.

17. If I don't use all the funds on my SFU ID card during the academic year, do they remain in my account?


Unfortunately, due to the federal tax savings measures, funds in your meal plan cannot be transferred or carried over to another academic year.

18. What type of identification is required during an online exam?

As outlined in the new Online Exam Procedures document, SFU ID is the preferred ID; other acceptable government issued picture ID includes a provincial driver’s license, Canadian citizenship card, B.C. identity card, permanent resident card or passport.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


