F T I

Academic Integrity Week promotes the people and resources that assist students in upholding ethical learning practices. Find out about the people and tools available to help you overcome writers block, refine your research topic, manage your time and better prepare for your exams!

2025 Academic Integrity Week Events

Citations Made Easy: Introduction to Zotero
October 15, 1:00 to 2:15 pm
Make your research, writing and bibliography formatting more efficient

Pop Up Academic Integrity Tabling
Visit Sci-Space (AQ 3146) or Arts Central (AQ 3020) to speak to friendly volunteers at a pop up Academic Integrity table

2025 Academic Integrity Week

October 13-17, 2025

The Linguistics Department Writing Centre offers in-person and online tutoring sessions for anyone enrolled in a LING or COGS course.

Science and Math Peer Academic Support: for extra help throughout the semester and to prepare for exams.

Academics First 
For Indigenous students and athletes.

Writing support
The SLC provides writing consultations as well as the free Write Away service.

Department of Linguistics
The Department of Linguistics Writing Centre offers free tutoring for any student needing support with a Linguistics or Cognitive Science course.

Department of Chemistry
The Department of Chemistry has a list of graduate students who can provide content specific tutoring.

Department of Mathematics
The Department of Mathematics offers free workshops in Algebra, Applied Calculus, Calculus, and other quantitative courses. You can also request additional support by filling out the tutor request form available on their website.

Faculty of Science 
Peer Academic Tutors provide support for Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics and Physics classes on a drop-in basis. This is free!

Statistics or Statistics and Acturial Science
Students enrolled in a Statistics or ACMA course can hire a tutor through the department or attend a free Statistics workshop.

Département de français
The Department of French offers a free, online, drop-in service (Tutorat) to assist all students currently enrolled in FREN courses with homework-related French language questions.

School of Computing Science Need help with your computing science (CS) courses? Get free CS peer tutoring all term to support your success.

Department of Economics
The Economics Department offers free daily drop-in workshops each term to help with writing and technical skills.

The Student Learning Commons has a range of workshops to provide practical help on study strategies and exam preparation. Topics include Public Speaking, Time Management and Procrastination, and Academic Reading Skills. You are not alone! Register for a workshop or a one-on-one consultation with a peer educator.

English as an Additional Language Services
The SLC free academic English coaching and non-credit courses in English Grammar and Writing. English conversation groups are also available through the Conversation Partners program.


Study Skills and Strategies
With free workshops from Time Management to Note Taking to improving your Reading Effectiveness, the SLC can provides you with all the tips to becoming a successful and less stressed student!

Centre for Accessible Learning (CAL) 
(note taking program): The CAL office is available to speak to any student with a documented or suspected disability about accommodations or services that will ensure fair access to learning material.

Health and Counselling
A student’s life can be overwhelming. The staff at Health and Counselling are available to support you with your mental and physical health.

International Student Support
Whether you are looking for assistance with housing, understanding documents or navigating life in Canada, contact International Services for Students to meet other students, share resources and gain knowledge.

Academic Advising
Student Services Academic Advisors help you plan your degree to meet your program requirements and your personal, professional and educational goals.

WriteAway
Submit your paper for feedback.

AskAway
Get help from a research expert in the library

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


