F T I

Your SFU email is our primary method of communication with you. Please check your SFU email regularly for details about your enrolment appointment date and time.

If you forward your SFU email to another server, you may miss important messages or experience issues with message delivery.

To be eligible to enrol, your student account in goSFU must be in good standing. If you are eligible for a tuition fee waiver or possess a valid School Associate Tuition Fee Certificate, you will still be responsible for any remaining tuition fees, as well as the following fees: student activity fee, student services fee, recreation-athletic fee, U-Pass BC fee, and health-dental plan fee.

If you have equivalent health and dental coverage, you can opt out of the SFSS Health and/or Dental Plan online at www.studentcare.ca. You will need to provide proof of your other group benefits, such as a copy of your benefits card or a letter from your employer.

After you've enrolled and/or made class changes, view your student account. Log in to goSFU and go to Finances / Account Summary. The system will recalculate your fees immediately whenever you add or drop classes or make other changes. Please note that class drop penalties are calculated and posted to your account during the third week of classes.

All fees are detailed in the Academic Calendar. See fees for Undergraduate students or Graduate students. 

I have a computing ID

If you require your statement(s) to be officially stamped, please bring the copy (copies) to the Registrar and Information Services desk at one of the three campuses.

If you have any inquiries about the transactions, please email Student Accounts.

I don't have a computing ID yet

Once you are logged into goSFU:

If you require your statement(s) to be officially stamped, please bring the copy (copies) to the Registrar and Information Services desk at one of the three campuses.

If you have any inquiries about the transactions, please email Student Accounts.

Outstanding fees on your student account in goSFU must be paid by the due date of each term. If you have an outstanding balance, you will incur a monthly interest charge of 2% (equivalent to 18% per annum). 

Please note that if you have outstanding fees, you will not be able to enrol in a subsequent term, order an official transcript, or request any degrees, diplomas, or certificates. Additional sanctions may also apply. 

To lift the financial hold on your account, your payment in full must be reflected on your goSFU student account.

Accounts not fully paid by the tuition payment deadline incur a 2% monthly interest charge on the outstanding balance, assessed on the first of each month.

See course drop deadlines.

To view your charges and payments, log into goSFU, click on the Student Centre tab, scroll to the Finances section, click Account Inquiry, click the Activity tab, press “view all” to see the history of charges and payments. If you have further questions, email Student Accounts.

See how to print an official receipt using the toggles under Printing your Student Account Summary/Official receipt in the Check your account section above.


8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


