F T I

T2202 tax receipts report tuition paid for credit courses are available at goSFU.  

The T2202 tax form will be available for download on February 28, 2025, at goSFU. 

Canada Revenue Agency regulations have changed and you are now required to have a Social Insurance Number and to provide that number in your Student Record on goSFU.

T2202, the Tuition and Enrolment Certificate, is the tuition tax receipt issued to all students who paid tuition for courses in the previous calendar year. It shows the amount of tuition that you paid.

The tax form for the current tax year will be available for printing at goSFU in late February of the next year 

Possible fixes to try first:

If you receive an error message, please email a screenshot of the message to student_accounts@sfu.ca

If none of those solutions has worked, contact us at student_accounts@sfu.ca


No. Log in to goSFU to print your T2202.

No, please log into your goSFU to print your T2202 and distribute it accordingly.

According to the CRA a student enrolled in a co-op term (and taking no classes) is considered neither a full time nor part time student. CRA regulations require SFU to report "0" months on the T2202 tax form when a student is enrolled only in co-op during a term.

According to Canada Revenue Agency a student is also considered a full-time student if they were enrolled in a qualifying education program, attended only part-time, and are eligible for the disability tax credit for the year.

No. Deposits are not eligible expenses for T2202 purposes unless you have actually attended classes. If you paid an admission deposit and then declined your offer of admission, you will not receive a T2202.

SFU is required to report this information to all students to enable them to complete their Canadian income tax returns.

As a resident of Canada you are required to file a Canadian income tax return. The T2202 is a tax receipt for the tuition you have paid that can be used as a deduction against income you may have earned while in Canada. Your employer issues a T4 for salaries or wages you have earned while in Canada. The University issues a T4A for scholarships, bursaries or other monetary awards you received during the calendar year.

If you have not received any income in Canada during the calendar year, you may be able to use the T2202 against income you or your parents received in your home country. Contact an income tax professional or International Services for Students for more information.

SFU's IRS number is 30-0505256.

Canada Revenue Agency websites:

Year

2024
(Spring, Summer, Fall terms)

In compliance with Canada Revenue Agency legislation, tax records are not needed or available after seven (7) years.


Starting with the tax reporting year 2019, all students' Social Insurance Number (SIN) will need to be included on their Form T2202. Your SIN may be updated at goSFU. (Visit the Government of Canada's Apply for a SIN site if you need to apply for a SIN.) 

Please email student_accounts@sfu.ca. If you email us, be sure to include your name, student number, current mailing address, and the year you require.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


