F T I

A Credential Completion Letter is a letter confirming the successful completion of all academic requirements for your program.

If you have applied and are eligible to graduate (have met all graduation requirements), and require confirmation that you have completed your studies, you can request your Credential Completion Letter via goSFU.

You can generate this letter once your application has been approved, and until your credential has been awarded and you have received your Senate letter. Your Senate Letter will be emailed to your SFU email address.

The letter is produced as a PDF file and sent to your SFU email address.

What information is included in the Credential Completion Letter?

Is this letter an official document?

Yes, the Credential Completion Letter that you download is an official SFU document. The letter includes embedded security features that verify its authenticity.

I am having difficulty viewing the PDF; what can I do?

It’s possible that you're experiencing an issue with your web browser or a pop-up blocker. To see a list of supported browsers, please visit this page.

If you need help turning off a pop-up blocker, you can find the instructions on this page.

If you continue to have difficulties after trying these solutions, feel free to call our help line at 778.782.6930.

I don't see the letter in the dropdown menu, what does that mean?

There could be several reasons why the letter is not available as an option:

If you have any questions, please contact your faculty or department advisor.

I need additional information on my credential completion letter. How can I obtain a custom letter?

Undergraduate students can submit an online custom letter and form to request additional information to be included in their Credential Completion letter. Paper requests can be submitted via fax, by mail, or in person at any Registrar and Information Services office. A non-refundable fee of $15 applies for custom Credential Completion Letters. 

Undergraduate Records staff will contact you to confirm your request via your SFU email and inform you of any limitations on the information that can be included in the letter. You will be notified once the custom letter fee has been charged to your student account. 

After payment is received, your request will be processed. Please allow at least five business days from the time payment is received for processing these letters. 

Note: Custom letters will not be issued to students who have a financial hold on their account. For general inquiries related to Credential Completion Letters, please contact urecords@sfu.ca.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


