F T I

Chosen names, also known as preferred names, are names that individuals choose to use instead of their legal names. Respecting people’s chosen names is a basic matter of dignity, equity and belonging. While trans and gender-diverse communities are the most directly harmed by deadnaming, creating respectful, streamlined name change processes has broad equity, safety and cultural inclusion benefits for the entire institution.

SFU acknowledges the importance of chosen first names, especially for transgender, non-binary and/or genderqueer students. Chosen names can be more inclusive than legal names because they allow individuals to use a name that reflects their gender identity, cultural background, personal beliefs, or other aspects of their identity that may not be reflected in their legal name.

We want to ensure we use everyone’s correct names and pronouns, so that individual preferences and identity are respected.

Name changes are now integrated across our centrally-managed systems: goSFU, Canvas, MyInfo and Microsoft Apps. Your chosen name will now appear on your SFU ID card. For step-by-step instructions, visit the Change your name in SFU systems page on ServiceHub.

Please note upon completion of the name change process, your chosen name will appear on the following unofficial internal university documents:

When you change only your chosen first name, your legal first name will continue to appear on official university documents:

Once you have legally changed your name through the government, you can change your legal name on your SFU records.

To change your legal name on the above documents, please use the Student Name Change Application and submit to urecords@sfu.ca.

The replacement card fee will be waived for students who provide proof of legal name change.

If you already have an SFU ID card and would like to get a new card with your chosen or new legal name, please contact us at the Registrar and Information Services office at any campus.

If you have an immediate need for access to a SFU ID card with a different name, you can request this by visiting the Registrar and Information Services office at any campus.  If you have questions about this process, please contact us.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


