F T I

We have noticed that some third-party service providers are falsely claiming that SFU accepts cryptocurrency. Please note that we do not accept cryptocurrency payments and are not responsible for any fees related to such payments. Please use one of the accepted payment options listed below.

*The U-Pass BC term fee will be added to your student financial account the next business day after enrolment.

Payments made on the tuition deadline date will not incur the 2% monthly interest charge, provided proof of payment date can be presented upon request.

Payments through Flywire are now available on your goSFU account. This payment option is available for transactions both within Canada and internationally. Processing time through Flywire depends on the payment method chosen in the Flywire portal.

When using internet banking to make a payment (see also Bill Payment), please allow two to three business days for the payment to be reflected on your SFU student account. Make sure to select 'Simon Fraser University' as the payee and enter your student number as the account number.

You can make a payment in person at any of the three Registrar and Information Services counters. This will ensure that the payment is immediately reflected on your SFU student account. The accepted methods of payment include Canadian bank debit cards and Canadian personal cheques.

Please note that digital wallet payments, such as Google Pay, Apple Pay, and AliPay, are not accepted at the counter. 

If you are experiencing financial difficulties, you can opt for a Flywire Payment Plan to pay in installments. Your account will be considered in good standing for the next term's enrolment as long as you meet Flywire's installment requirements. 

Please note that enrolling in payment plans does not exempt students from monthly interest charges. Any unpaid balances beyond the tuition deadline will incur a 2% monthly interest charge.

Learn more

Residence fees

Payment options for residence and housing fees are separate. Please refer to the Residence and Housing payment methods for more details.

We accept Visa and MasterCard credit cards for online payments on goSFU.

Learn more

You can make a payment in person for this fee type at any of the three Registrar and Information Services (RIS) counters. This will ensure that the payment is immediately reflected on your SFU student account. The accepted methods of payment include Canadian bank debit cards or Canadian personal cheques dropped off at an RIS counter during office hours.

Please note that digital wallet payments, such as Google Pay, Apple Pay, and AliPay, are not accepted at the counter. 

If you have overpaid, submit a refund request form to the Student Accounts department. For more information, see the refunds section.

Application fees

Visa and MasterCard credit cards are the only accepted forms of payment. If you do not have a credit card you can use a prepaid or gift credit card to pay for your application fee.

The non-refundable application fee must be paid upon submitting an application for admission.

Admission deposit*

*The admission deposit is non-refundable and non-transferable.

We accept Visa and MasterCard credit cards for the undergraduate admission deposit. To make your payment, please visit goSFU and navigate to "My admission to SFU" and then "View and pay my fees." The undergraduate admission deposit amounts to $250 for Canadian students and $5,000 for international students.

Graduate students can pay by credit card through their graduate student online application system or utilize one of the other payment methods listed on the page. Please note that admission deposit amounts may vary by graduate program.

Important: The non-refundable admission deposit payment may initially appear under a different academic term. This is normal. The credit will automatically apply to the correct term once you are enrolled in classes.

If you have enrolled in courses and later decided to attend another institution or withdraw from SFU, please drop all your SFU courses as soon as possible to avoid being held responsible for any outstanding tuition and fees in your student account.

How much do I owe?

Your current and up to date outstanding balance can be confirmed at goSFU. After logging in, click on the Student Centre tab, click on the Account Inquiry link under the Finances section, and then click on the Activity tab.


When do I need to pay my balance?


Tuition fees are due at the end of Week 2 each term. For exact dates, see Fees: payment and refunds.

I have sent the full payment, so why does my account still show the charge?

Processing time through Flywire depends on the payment method chosen in the Flywire portal. Please see the table for details.

How can students make a payment?

For payment options available, refer to How to make a payment

For speed, convenience, and security, we recommend that all students with a Canadian bank account pay their fees electronically through their banking website. For detailed instructions, please visit Internet banking.

How can students make a payment from outside Canada on goSFU?

To make a payment from outside of Canada, we ask students to use Flywire. For instructions, refer to Payments with Flywire.

Can I opt out of any fees, such as U-Pass BC, student activity, student services, or recreation and athletics fees?

SFU assesses supplementary fees for all eligible students in each term of enrolment. If you see these fees on your Student Account, then you meet the criteria of an “eligible student.”  

I am not planning to use the U-Pass BC; can I opt out of it?

The U-Pass BC program is a partnership between BC post-secondary institutions, their student societies, TransLink, and the Province of British Columbia. SFU's U-Pass BC Program is a mandatory program for all members of the Simon Fraser Student Society (SFSS) and all members of the Graduate Student Society (GSS).

Exemptions from the U-Pass BC program may be considered under specific criteria, as outlined on the U-Pass BC eligibility website. You must apply before the exemption deadline to be considered.

Why are supplementary fees being charged for remote courses?

The Student Services fee is being charged because Student Services continues to provide support throughout the term, both remotely and in person. 

Similarly, the Student Activity fee is being charged as the Student Societies continue to offer their programs and activities, whether virtually or in person. 

If you have any questions about these services, please feel free to reach out directly to the SFSS or GSS.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


