F T I

There are several options for withdrawing from a class, with varying implications for your academic record and fee payment.

Check Deadlines for the time limit. If you drop a class within the specified time frame, you will have no Withdrawal notation on your academic record

Check Deadlines. If you drop a class within the next period, you will have a Withdrawal notation on your academic record

See Appeals.

If you have an RTW or EW notation on your record, you should obtain academic advice as soon as possible to help you get back on track.

Read instructions

Waitlists run several times daily during the enrolment period and will continue until the first week of the term. The last waitlist process for the current term will run on the last day of the first week of the term.

If you are enrolled in a course from the waitlist, you will be notified via email to your SFU email account. Students may be waitlisted for a maximum of 8 units.

If you no longer want to be enrolled in a waitlisted course, please remove yourself from the waitlist. Drop penalties will apply if you are enrolled in a waitlisted course and subsequently choose to drop one or more courses in the second week of the term or later. It is a student’s responsibility to be aware of enrolment fees deadlines, and enrolment policies.

Waitlists continue to be visible to students during week two of the term, but the waitlist process does not automatically run during this time. Please check with the department offering the course regarding their enrolment practice after the waitlists have stopped running.

Can't find what you're looking for? Check our FAQ's

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


