F T I

Undergraduate students are automatically enrolled in the SFSS Health and Dental Plan, and the fee for this plan is included in your tuition. Please note that this enrolment does not apply to Distance Education students, new students starting their studies in the Summer term, and certain other categories of students. The plan runs from September to August of the following year and is prorated for those who begin their studies at SFU in the Spring term.

If you're uncertain about your Health and Dental Plan enrolment status, please check your fee statement on goSFU or contact Studentcare for assistance. If you are not automatically enrolled in the Plan, you may have the opportunity to enrol yourself during the term's Change-of-Coverage Period. To opt in, visit studentcare.ca and find the Self-Enrolment section.

See opt out details

Opt-out deadlines and change of coverage deadlines for the Health and Dental Plan are published at studentcare.ca

You can opt out if you provide proof to studentcare.ca of equivalent extended coverage. If you do not opt out, you will owe the plan fee as charged.

Opting out must be done every year, even if you have opted out before. If you provided proof of coverage to Studentcare in a previous year, you can log in to studentcare.ca within the Change-of-Coverage period and indicate that you still want to opt out.

Students enrolled in the Professional Development Program (PDP), depending on the course(s), may opt in or opt out of the coverage during the term's Change-of-Coverage Period. To opt in, see studentcare.ca and look for Self-Enrolment. To opt out, see studentcare.ca and look for Opt-Outs.

Please refer to the studentcare.ca website for more details.

Graduate students are automatically enrolled in the GSS Health and Dental Plan, and the fee for this plan is included in your tuition fees. Please note that this enrolment does not apply to Distance Education students, new students starting their studies in the Summer term, and certain other categories of students. The plan runs from September to August of the following year and is prorated for those who begin their studies at SFU in the Spring term.

See opt-out details

Opt-out deadlines and change of coverage deadlines for the Health and Dental Plan are published at studentcare.ca. You can opt out if you provide proof to Studentcare of equivalent extended coverage. If you do not opt out before the deadline, you will owe the plan fee as charged.

Opting out must be done every year even if you have opted out before. If you provided proof of coverage to Studentcare in a previous year, you can log in to studentcare.ca within the Change of Coverage period and indicate that you still want to opt out.

Please refer to the studentcare.ca website for more details.

New international students enrolled in an undergraduate, graduate, or exchange program at SFU are automatically enrolled in a mandatory four-month primary medical insurance plan through guard.me@SFU for their first term. The cost of this plan is included in your tuition fees.

New international students, including those on exchange or studying abroad, must apply for coverage under the BC Medical Services Plan (MSP) if they will reside in British Columbia for longer than six months.

This insurance plan also covers students at the Great Northern Way Campus and the Centre for Digital Media.

Additionally, international students who have previously attended SFU and have been absent for three or more consecutive terms, or those who are readmitted under SFU's reactivation and readmission policy, will be enrolled in the guard.me@SFU plan when they continue their studies at SFU.

The plan provides interim coverage while waiting for the BC MSP, if eligible. Students can opt out of the guard.me@SFU plan if they already have BC MSP coverage or another eligible insurance plan. For more details, please see www.sfu.ca/medical-insurance.html.

You may be eligible for a refund of the unused portion of your insurance if you have not made a claim and there is more than one month of coverage remaining when you apply through guard.me@SFU. To receive a partial reimbursement, guard.me@SFU must receive your application before the last month of the term (April 1, August 1, or December 1). If your application is approved, the partial refund will be credited to your SFU account.

For complete plan details, visit www.guard.me/sfu or call guard.me at 905-752-6230 (within Canada) or 1-888-756-8428 (toll-free outside of Canada).

How do I get Health and Dental Plan charges removed?

Did you opt out of the Health and Dental Plan (HDP) successfully?

Yes: If you received an email from studentcare.ca confirming that you successfully opted out, you may ignore the HDP charges. Pay your balance minus the HDP charges.

No: If you did not opt out during the change of coverage period, you are responsible for the charges. Pay the full balance.

Are you worried about the monthly interest charge deadline?

If you received an email from studentcare.ca confirming that you successfully opted out, do not worry about a monthly interest charge being charged on the opted out amounts. Pay your balance minus the HDP charges.

Why do I have to pay Health and Dental Plan charges?

Are you covered by another health insurance plan?

Yes: If you are covered by another plan, you must opt out during the change-of-coverage period. If you do not opt out, you will be responsible for the HDP charges.

Please visit studentcare.ca to opt out. If you have not received an email from studentcare.ca confirming that you successfully opted out, then you have not opted out and you must pay the charges.

No: All students are required to pay Health and Dental fees unless they already have coverage from other plans and opt out during the change-of-coverage period. See Medical insurance for more information.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


