F T I

Upon enrolment in a term, you can log in to your student account through goSFU (web version only) to print your confirmation of enrolment letter. The letter is produced as a PDF file and emailed to your SFU email account.

1. Go to your Student Center. Under Academics / other academic, click the arrow for the drop down menu and select Confirmation of Enrolment.

2. The most recent term will automatically be selected; however you can choose any *From and *To Term. Click the Go button.
 

3. The Confirmation of Enrolment Letter will automatically be produced as a PDF and emailed to your SFU email account.

You can now access a Confirmation of Enrolment letter for previous or multiple terms on your student account through the web version of goSFU. 


1. What information is included on the undergraduate Confirmation of Enrolment letter?

(The graduate version lists fewer items.)


2. I am having difficulty viewing the PDF; what can I do?

If you're having trouble viewing the PDF, it may be due to your browser settings or a pop-up blocker. You can find instructions for turning off pop-up blockers on this page.


If the issue persists, please contact us at 778-782-6930 or email reginfo@sfu.ca.

3. Is the letter that I can download myself considered an official document?

Yes, the confirmation of enrolment letter that you download is an official SFU document. This letter includes embedded security features that help staff verify the document's authenticity.

4. My projected completion date doesn’t match when I expect to finish my undergraduate degree; what should I do?

If your projected completion date is incorrect, please follow these steps: 

1. Schedule a meeting with your department or faculty advisor to request a program extension. 

2. Your advisor will submit a Program Extension Form to the Registrar and Information Services Office on your behalf. 

3. After the form is reviewed, you will be notified of any applicable fees via your SFU email. These fees must be paid before your request for a letter can be processed. 

4. Once the fees are settled, a custom Confirmation of Enrolment letter will be emailed to you or made available for pickup within five business days. 

Please note: This process does not update the online version of your Confirmation of Enrolment letter.

5. I need to tell Student Loans that I’m still in school.  How do I confirm my enrolment with Student Loans?

If you need to confirm your enrolment with Student Loans, please visit this website for more information.

You should NOT use a confirmation of enrolment letter for student loans.

6. I need to apply for a study permit/student visa and I have been reactivated and cannot enrol yet.  How do I get a letter that confirms my student status?

Please submit a confirmation of enrolment request form and indicate in the additional comments section that you have been reactivated. SFU staff will contact you to confirm your situation and arrange for you to receive the necessary documents.

7. How do I confirm my enrolment to obtain funds from my RESP?

The current RESP providers will accept the SFU Confirmation of Enrolment Letter generated from your student account:

Please verify your RESP provider's requirements if not listed here. If they are not on the list and you need an external form completed, please contact the Registrar and Information Services office.

8. Is there a charge for the confirmation of enrolment letter?

There is no charge for standard Confirmation of Enrolment letters available through your Student Centre.

Custom letters for undergraduate students, such as program extensions or future term eligibility, may incur a fee. To begin the process, please submit a "Custom Letter and Form Request". You will receive a notification about any applicable fees to your SFU email. These fees must be paid before processing can start.

Custom Confirmation of Enrolment Letters (up to 3 terms) = $15 (+ PST)

Custom Letters = $15 (+PST)

Special Letter Requests (Teacher Qualifications Service, UBC DAP application letters, Mode of instruction letters, COE letters for 3+ terms etc.) = $25 (+PST)

9. How do I get a letter confirming my enrolment for a future term?

We cannot confirm enrolment for future terms. We may be able to indicate an undergraduate student’s eligibility to enrol in a future term. 

Please submit a "Custom Letter and Form Request". Once your request is reviewed, you will be notified of the applicable fee via your SFU email, which will be charged to your student account. Payment must be made before we can process your letter request.

Note: Custom letters will not be issued to students who have a financial hold on their accounts.

10. I need information on my confirmation of enrolment letter that isn't available for download. How do I get a custom letter?

To request a custom letter and form as an undergraduate student, please submit a "Custom Letter and Form Request." Be sure to specify any additional information you need in the Additional Comments section. You will be contacted via your SFU email to confirm your situation and to inform you of any applicable fees. Please allow at least five business days for processing your request.

For general inquiries or status updates regarding letter requests, please reach out to Registrar and Information Services.

Note: Custom letters will not be issued to students with a financial hold.

11. I'm an international student. What should I carry with me to prove my enrolment status at SFU when entering Canada?  

We recommend that you carry a current SFU confirmation of enrolment letter. Please consult the International Student Advising and Programs website for all other required immigration documents you should hold for your return through a port of entry into Canada.

12. I have been asked to provide a letter to confirm SFU’s primary language of instruction and assessment. How do I get this letter?

English is the primary language of instruction and assessment at SFU. You can download a letter to demonstrate this.

13. I have been asked to provide a letter to confirm SFU’s Enrolment and Undergraduate Leave Policy. How do I get this letter?

You can download a letter to demonstrate this.

14. Can someone else request a Confirmation of Enrolment letter on behalf of a student?

No. Only the student can request their own Confirmation of Enrolment letter. Third parties, including parents, guardians, or sponsors, are not permitted to order this official documentation on behalf of the student.

15. I HAVE AN EXTERNAL FORM THAT NEEDS TO BE FILLED OUT. WHAT SHOULD I DO?


To request completion of an external form as an undergraduate student, please submit a "Custom Letter and Form Request." You can upload the form directly to the request. Be sure to specify any additional information you need in the Additional Comments section. You will be contacted via your SFU email to confirm your situation and to inform you of any applicable fees. Please allow at least five business days for processing your request.

For general inquiries or status updates regarding letter requests, please contact Registrar and Information Services.

Completion of external forms = $20 (+PST)

16. Where can I redeem my BC Provincial Scholarship?

You can redeem your BC Provincial scholarships, which include the following: 

Online Redemption Process:

To redeem your scholarship online, please submit the following documents through the Scholarship Redemption webform: 

1. Provincial Scholarship Voucher

2. Verification or Proof of Enrolment 

3. Proof of Tuition Fee Payment

In-Person Redemption Process: 

If you prefer to redeem your scholarship in person, follow these steps: 

1. Gather your documents: 

2. Verify your documents:

3. Submit your Verified Voucher:

Please ensure that you complete all steps carefully to ensure the successful redemption of your scholarship.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


