To view the Fall 2025 Academic Calendar, go to www.sfu.ca/students/calendar/2025/fall.html.

In addition to credit course fees, mandatory supplementary course fees may be assessed for individual courses in addition to basic tuition and are deemed necessary for successful completion of the course. Mandatory supplementary course fees cover additional costs associated with, for example, such items as field trip expenses or special costs/handling involved in distance education courses.

A schedule of these fees appears below, and is also published in departmental course outlines. The fees are approved by the vice-president finance and administration, following the recommendation of the advisory committee on mandatory supplementary course fees. Questions regarding these fees may be directed to the department initiating the fee, to Student Services, or to the vice-president finance and administration.

Mandatory supplementary course fees are not charged for regular credit instruction services which may include

Photocopied materials, computer disks and audio visual tapes may replace or enhance a required text as a means of instruction and are therefore not mandatory supplementary course fees. Many prepared packages will be distributed through the SFU Bookstore. It may be necessary to distribute some materials within departments. Disclosure of these fees will be made in each course outline.

Undergraduate Courses with mandatory supplementary course fees

Archaeology

Biological Sciences

Biomedical Physiology and Kinesiology

Chemistry

Contemporary Arts

Earth Science

Education

Education Professional

Geography

Indigenous Studies

Interactive Arts and Technology

Marine Science

Physics

Graduate courses with mandatory supplementary course fees

Biological Sciences

Business

Earth Sciences

Education Professional

Geography

Marine Science

Resource and Environmental Management

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube

Burnaby Campus
Surrey Campus
Vancouver Campus

Calendar Changes and Corrections

