To view the Fall 2025 Academic Calendar, go to www.sfu.ca/students/calendar/2025/fall.html.

No student who is on academic probation may enroll in a course overload.

In the Faculty of Applied Sciences, approved majors who wish to enroll in an overload require permission of the director of their school. Other Faculty of Applied Sciences students require permission of the dean of the faculty. In the School of Engineering Science and the School of Mechatronic Systems Engineering, permission of the director is required for course overloads exceeding 22 units.

In the Faculties of Arts and Social Sciences; Business Administration; Communication, Art and Technology; Education; Environment; and Health Sciences only, a student who requires an overload to fulfil graduation requirements in the term for which they are enrolling may be allowed, with the dean’s permission, to enroll in an overload.

In the Faculty of Science, a student entering the graduating term who requires specific courses to fulfil graduation requirements in the term for which the student is enrolling, may be permitted to enroll in courses totalling up to 21 units, provided either the cumulative grade point average or the most recent term grade point average is 3.0 or higher.

A limited number of overloads may be approved, by the dean of the faculty in which the student is enrolled, on an individual basis during the course change period.

Back to Top

Where a student repeats a course, the course(s) with the lower grade will be recorded on official records as an excluded course. If the same grade or grade equivalent value is earned for a repeated course, the course that was completed most recently is included in the term grade point average (GPA) and cumulative GPA, and the former course is excluded in the term GPA and cumulative GPA. A student’s academic standing for previous terms does not change even though the GPA changes.

When a course is repeated and the unit value has decreased, the student must, in consultation with the department, make up the missing unit component before being credited with the full original units.

When a course is deleted by the university, the department, in consultation with the affected student, will determine a suitable alternative that will be considered a repeat course for the purposes of this policy.

Back to Top

The number of courses which a student may repeat in a degree program is limited to five. The number of times a student may repeat a course is once. Courses completed at Simon Fraser University for which a student has already received transfer credit from another institution will count within five repeats limit.

Students attempting a course for the first time shall be given the opportunity to enroll prior to any students who are presently enrolled in the course or who have passed the course with a C- or better.

Students can only repeat special topics courses, which they have failed, when the topic is deemed to be the same as the one for which the student has already received credit. Normally special topics courses can be repeated because the course content changes with each offering.

Back to Top

Students may not receive transfer credit for a course which is a repeat of a course passed at Simon Fraser University. At Simon Fraser University, a grade of D and those above it are passing grades.

If a student enrolls for a repeat course, and completes the course with a passing grade, the transfer units will remain on the academic record as a repeat, with a zero unit value. If the course is completed with a failing grade, the transfer units will remain on the academic record. A department may permit units to count for both a transfer course and a Simon Fraser University course, if the course content is judged to be sufficiently different.

Current limits on course repeats, where one course is a Simon Fraser University course, will apply to repeated transfer courses. The implementation of this policy will not affect the method of calculating grade point averages. Current limits on course repeats, where both courses are transfer credit will not apply.

Back to Top

Simon Fraser University students who wish to complete academic work at other institutions for undergraduate degree, diploma or certificate credit at this university must obtain permission in advance by applying for a Letter of Permission through Student Services. All students considering requesting a Letter of Permission should consult an academic advisor. The faculty advisor (and the department advisor if a program has been declared) will be contacted by Student Services for approval. Students should allow six to eight weeks for processing of their request. Normally, a Letter of Permission will not be approved retroactively. There is a non-refundable Letter of Permission application fee. For more information related to the Letter of Permission application, visit https://www.sfu.ca/students/enrolment-services/records/letter-of-permission.html.

Students must have completed a minimum of nine units at Simon Fraser University and must be in good academic standing at the time they submit their request for a Letter of Permission to Student Services. Since standing is achieved once all grades for the term have been received, students may have to wait until their third term at Simon Fraser University to be eligible to complete a course elsewhere.

Permission to complete a course at another institution will not be granted unless a valid academic reason is provided. For example, complete a course in a discipline not offered at Simon Fraser University, such as Czech language. While an approved Letter of Permission guarantees that the credit will count toward the overall credit requirement, it does not guarantee that the credit will meet a specific program requirement.

A Letter of Permission is automatically denied if a student's standing is 'on academic probation' (OAP), 'continued academic probation' (CAP), 'extended academic probation' (EAP), 'required to withdraw' (RTW) or 'extended withdrawal' (PW). Courses completed at another institution cannot be used to satisfy Simon Fraser University's minimum residency requirement and will not be included in the CGPA calculation. Therefore, such courses cannot be used to raise standing.

Students must achieve a grade of at least C (2.0 numeric equivalent) or 60% in order to receive transfer credit for courses completed at other institutions. Courses where the grade is pass/fail (P/F) cannot be processed for transfer credit. It is the student's responsibility to ensure that an official transcript from the host institution is forwarded to Student Services at Simon Fraser University in order for transfer credit to be granted.

The residency requirement for completing a credential at Simon Fraser University may include up to 15 exchange units.

Students participating in formal exchange programs should see International Exchange Programs for more information.

Back to Top

Course challenge is a method by which a student may obtain credit for course material learned elsewhere (i.e. outside Simon Fraser University). A maximum of 60 units may be obtained by the combined mechanism of course challenge and transfer credit.

A student must be eligible to enroll in order to enroll for course challenge.

Please note the following with regard to course challenges in the Department of French and in the Latin American Studies Program.

With approval, a student may enroll and pay fees for challenge in a specified course sequence in a given language. If the student satisfactorily completes a course in the given language at an advanced sequence level, the department may indicate ‘successful’ in the preceding course(s) of the sequence in which the student is enrolled for challenge. If the student does not satisfactorily complete the advanced level course, then formal challenge assessment of the preceding level(s) should be undertaken to avoid two challenges without success based solely on the advanced assessment.

Back to Top

A student who has satisfied the admission requirements of the university may attend a specific course(s) as an auditor upon completion of the necessary enrollment procedures, which include written approval of the department concerned.

Any eligible student who wishes to enroll for a course as an auditor must seek approval from the appropriate instructor and department chair. To enroll in a course as an auditor, complete the Undergraduate Course Change Application Form with instructor signature and submit to the appropriate department for approval. The application form is available at www.sfu.ca/students/enrolment-services/forms.

Note: Course audit and special audit are for different categories of students. Those interested in gaining entry as special audit students should see www.sfu.ca/lifelong-learning/special-audit.

Audited courses do not count towards the completion of degree program requirements.

Back to Top

Any program changes are processed by the department as they require departmental approval. The program approval application form is available from the appropriate department or on the Student Services website at www.sfu.ca/students/enrolment-services/forms.

Back to Top

You are urged to read the tuition refund policy and penalties for dropping courses very carefully to avoid, or minimize, financial penalty for dropping courses in which you enroll.

For details of the dates and deadlines for undergraduate students, please see www.sfu.ca/students/deadlines.

The dates and deadlines for graduate students is found on the Graduate Studies website at www.sfu.ca/gradstudies/graduate-students/managing-your-program/deadlines.

Failure to attend classes does not constitute withdrawal from a course. Courses that are not formally dropped will be given a failing grade; payment for the course’s tuition fee is required.

Regular Term – First day of class to 7th calendar day

Courses may be added or dropped or tutorial times changed using the enrollment system without prior approval of the department offering the course. Courses that are dropped will not receive a notation on the student’s academic record.

Changes to courses registered for course challenge or for course audit must be approved by the department offering the course. During this time period, a student may change enrollment in course challenge from one course to another, or to regular enrollment in the course.

Enrollment for course audit and course challenge is done by the department offering the course.

There is a 100% tuition refund for courses dropped on or before the 7th calendar day from the first day of class.

Back to Top

Regular Term – 8th calendar day to 14th calendar day

From the 8th calendar day to the 14th calendar day after classes begin, courses may be dropped by the student via goSFU at go.sfu.ca. However, if a student drops all term courses, the withdrawal will be noted on the academic record. During the first 14 calendar days of when the first day of classes begin, a student may change enrollment in course challenge from one course to another, or to regular enrollment in the course. Permission of the department is required.

There is a 75% refund for courses dropped between the 8th and the 14th calendar day from the first day of classes.

Courses may be added with the permission of the department.

No courses can be added or changed to audit status during this period.

Back to Top

Regular Term – 15th calendar day to 21st calendar day

From the 15th calendar day to the 21st calendar day after classes begin, courses may be dropped by the student via goSFU at go.sfu.ca. Courses dropped within this period will be automatically recorded with a WD notation on the student’s academic record.

There is a 50% refund for courses dropped between the 15th and the 21st calendar day from the first day of classes.

Courses may be added with the permission of the chair and instructor.

No courses can be added or changed to audit status during this period.

Regular Term – 22nd calendar day to 56th calendar day

From the 22nd calendar day to the 56th calendar day after classes begin, courses may be dropped by the student via goSFU at go.sfu.ca. Courses dropped within this period will be automatically recorded with a WD notation on the student's academic record.

There is no refund for courses dropped after the 21st calendar day of when first day of classes begin.

No courses can be added or changed to audit status during this period.

Back to Top

Regular term – 57th calendar day to end of term

From the 57th calendar day to the last day of the term, course(s) may be dropped only in extenuating circumstances. If approved, there will be a WE notation on the student’s academic record for specific courses dropped. Please submit applications to Student Services. Requests arising after the last day of classes, or requests relating to courses completed in a previous term, are referred to as ‘retroactive’ and follow the same procedures as above but may take longer to adjudicate.

Note: The university has the sole discretion to approve WE applications. Normally, applications will be denied for students who apply more than once for the same reason, apply for a retroactive WE more than five years from the date of application or have an academic dishonesty incident report filed for the course. Extenuating circumstances are defined as unusual circumstances beyond the student’s control which make it impossible for the student to complete the course. If a course drop is being considered after the last day of classes, it is recommended that students seek advice from Student Services Academic Advising.

Back to Top

Students wishing to withdraw from all courses in a term must follow the same schedule as outlined above in Course Changes. Specific term dates can be found in https://www.sfu.ca/students/deadlines.html.

For regular intersession and summer session terms, there is no refund for withdrawal from all courses in a term after day 10 of classes.

Official records will be updated to record the date on which term withdrawal was effected. The withdrawal date for students who withdraw after the fifth day of classes will be recorded on the academic record.

 

Back to Top

Final examinations will normally be held during the last two weeks following the last day of classes at the end of each term (Intersession exams are held in the last week of the session). Students are reminded that final examinations may be scheduled at any time during the examination period and that students should avoid making travel or employment arrangements for this period. Students will be sent an email when the exam schedule is released. If a course has an exam, it will show up in goSFU. The full exam schedule will also be posted on the exams website at https://www.sfu.ca/students/exams.html when ready.

There are instances where students are faced with examination hardship, which is defined as

For three or more exams, a student shall be given a new exam date (within the established exam period) for the second exam causing hardship by the respective instructor or department/faculty. For students with exams at more than one location, advance arrangements will be made by the instructor or department/faculty to write both exams at a single location. Students must notify the instructor(s) and department one month prior to the exam date.

Each student is required to participate in assigned work during the term. The grades obtained for that work may be used to determine the final course standing. A passing grade in any exam does not ensure a passing grade for the course.

Students who miss exams because of illness or for compassionate reasons must communicate with their instructor (see DE grade). See Grading Systems and Policies.

In-class final examinations are not to be held before the beginning of the official examination period. Take-home examinations cannot be due until the commencement of the official examination period.

Instructors are required to submit grades within 96 hours after the exam via the on-line grade roster to Records and Registration. Please refer to exam procedures at www.sfu.ca/students/academicintegrity/faculty/examprocedures.

Back to Top

Academic concessions are granted when unexpected situations or circumstances prevent students from participating in course-related activities, which could include missing a class, completing graded work or exams.

Situations or circumstances that may call for an academic concession include illness, accident, family situation, and similar unanticipated changes in personal responsibilities that create a conflict, or warrant particular compassion.

Concessions are only granted at the discretion of individual instructors and/or in accordance with established departmental or faculty policies and procedures. Students should always speak to their instructor as a first step.

Students are required to complete the Academic Concession Form when seeking Academic Concessions from their instructor. Students are not required to present medical documentation when seeking an Academic Concession for minor or short-term illnesses, (that is illnesses expected to last five days or less). Instructors can request medical documentation for students missing a final examination or an assessment worth more than 20% of the final course grade. Instructors must make clear in the course syllabus instances when students must present medical documentation. An instructor may request documentation in addition to the Academic Concession Form if they believe a student has misused the Academic Concession process. Students are reminded that filing false Academic Concession requests is a violation of the Student Academic Integrity Policy.


See policy GP4 for details.

Back to Top

In the event of a labour dispute, such as a legal strike, lockout, or other labour disruption, the university will assess the situation and determine whether it is feasible to maintain its operations. To the extent possible, all credit and non-credit courses and examinations, and access to important and core services, will continue as scheduled.

The university respects the right of a union and the right of the union’s members to engage in lawful strike activity, including establishing legal picket lines. The university also respects the right of students and employees to choose whether to cross a legal picket line established by a union at the university, and trusts them to understand the consequences of their decision.

These guidelines provide information for students and instructors in the event of a labour dispute, including their responsibilities when choosing to cross or not cross a picket line of a union of which they are not a member.

It is important to note that these guidelines are not intended to provide information on context-specific issues that may or may not arise in the event of a particular labour dispute. In such cases, the university will endeavour to provide timely communications to address these developments, should they occur.

SFU is committed to providing a healthy, safe, and respectful learning, teaching, research, and work environment in which bullying and harassment are neither acceptable nor tolerated, consistent with the Bullying and Harassment Policy (GP 47).

For the purposes of these guidelines, definitions of terms are as follows:

Chair means the senior-most academic administrative position of an academic unit, that is the chair of a department, director of a school, or dean in a non-departmentalized faculty.

Instructor refers to someone with teaching duties at the university, which includes but is not limited to faculty members, sessional instructors, and teaching assistants.

Instructor of record refers to the instructor with overall responsibility for a particular course, which includes but is not limited to faculty members and sessional instructors, but does not include teaching assistants.

Union means “trade union” as defined in British Columbia’s Labour Relations Code.

This section applies to students in the event of a labour dispute.

Note: In some cases, students are also employed by the university and are members of a union whose collective agreement with the university may contain provisions about picket lines. While recognizing that these individuals have a dual role at the university, as both student and employee, this section applies with respect to their status as a student.

Where a student does NOT cross a legal picket line and the relevant course, lab or tutorial proceeds during a labour dispute, the student has the following responsibilities:

If concerns arise related to grading, students should follow the guidance provided in the Grading and Reconsideration of Grades Policy (T 20.01), which includes efforts to resolve such matters first with their instructor of record and then with the appropriate chair.

See also the Academic Concessions and Communications with Students sections below.

This section applies to instructors with teaching duties at the university, which include but are not limited to faculty members, sessional instructors, and teaching assistants.

Where an instructor does NOT cross a legal picket line of a union of which they are not a member, they have the following responsibilities:

Instructors of Record* (Instructors with overall responsibility for a course) have the following responsibilities with respect to academic concessions and communications with students:

Instructors of record* should provide clear and timely communication to students regarding their expectations in the event of a labour dispute, including but not limited to the following:

See also the Academic Concessions section above.

*Refers to instructors of record who are not on strike at the time.

**Academic accommodations refer to the university’s legal duty under the British Columbia Human Rights Code to accommodate students with disabilities. This legal duty is reflected in SFU’s Accessibility for Students with Disabilities Policy (GP 26) and Human Rights Policy (GP 18). Instructors have a legal responsibility to accommodate students with a disability. The university requires students with a disability who are seeking accommodations to register with the Centre for Accessible Learning (CAL). Instructors are asked to keep the CAL office apprised of changes in courses that affect students as a result of a labour dispute.

In the event of a labour dispute, assignment of grades should follow established grading practices as much as possible. If the duration of a labour dispute renders it impossible to assign grades using the established grading practices for the course (or through the chair, dean or other designate of the dean), the university may enact extraordinary measures to ensure students are able to complete their courses.

Back to Top

It is the responsibility of all students (and parent or guardian for students under 19 years of age) who work with children and/or vulnerable adults, or have unsupervised access to children and/or vulnerable adults, during the course of a certificate, diploma or degree program, to complete a criminal record check (CRC) through the Ministry of Public Safety and Solicitor General as per a legislative requirement under the British Columbia Criminal Records Review Act which took effect January of 2012. This authorization is submitted to the Criminal Records Review Program for review. To submit a CRC, please go to the following webpage and follow the instructions: Criminal Record Check (CRC).

Specific courses that require a CRC as a prerequisite and the process for obtaining clearance can be found at https://www.sfu.ca/students/enrolment-services/records/criminal-record-check.html.

 

Back to Top

Simon Fraser University does not require a preadmission medical examination, but the university reserves the right to require a student to submit a medical certificate at any time.

All students are required to have adequate hospital and medical insurance coverage. Adequate medical and hospital insurance is that which is provided under the Medical Services Plan of BC (MSP), or any other plan, government or private, which provides coverage equivalent to that offered under the Medical Services Plan of BC. Students who seek medical treatment through either the University Health Services or off-campus medical facilities must provide evidence of medical insurance. Failure to provide adequate information will result in the student being charged directly for services rendered.

The university assumes no liability for any failure by the student to maintain adequate medical or hospital (or dental) insurance, nor is the university responsible for any costs not covered by the student’s personal insurance plan(s), whether it is the Medical Services Plan coverage or otherwise. It should be understood that the university itself carries no medical, hospital or dental insurance coverage on students’ behalf.

Back to Top


All residents of British Columbia must enroll with MSP. Unmarried students whose parents are covered by MSP as dependents are covered until their nineteenth birthday. The coverage may be continued until the student’s 25th birthday providing the student is in full-time attendance at university and mainly dependent on his or her parents. However, students must notify MSP of their student status each September, in order for MSP coverage to continue past their nineteenth birthday.

Students who are not covered by their parent’s medical insurance plan must obtain MSP insurance coverage. 

Back to Top

Canadian students who are not BC residents should maintain coverage in their home province. All Canadian provinces accept responsibility for physician visits and hospital costs for their students attending SFU provided the hospital insurance premiums (where required) have been paid.

Back to Top


New international, exchange, and study abroad students must apply by themselves for coverage under the BC Medical Services Plan (MSP) if they will be a resident of BC for longer than six months. Effective January 1, 2013, all new international students enrolled in an undergraduate, graduate or exchange program at SFU will be automatically enrolled in a mandatory four-month primary medical insurance plan for their first term through guard.me@SFU.

Great Northern Way Campus/Centre for Digital Media students are also covered by the plan. International students who have previously attended SFU and were absent from the university for three or more consecutive terms or are readmitted to SFU under SFU's policy of reactivation and readmission will also be enrolled in the guard.me@SFU plan in the term they continue their studies at SFU.

This plan provides interim coverage during the waiting period for the BC MSP, if eligible. Students will be able to opt out providing they have coverage under the BC Medical Services Plan (BC MSP) or coverage under an eligible plan. For more details, see http://www.sfu.ca/medical-insurance.html. For further information, contact International Services for Students at 778.782.4232; intl_advising@sfu.ca.

Back to Top


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube

Burnaby Campus
Surrey Campus
Vancouver Campus

Calendar Changes and Corrections

