F T I

University Prep is a free online course that will help you prepare for your academic transition to SFU. It will guide you step by step through what you need to know and do before classes start. Each section takes about 30 minutes to complete.

All new undergraduate students.

Start dates:
Step 1 - TBD
Step 2 - TBD

Course delivery:
Online - Canvas

How to access:
Step 1 - Your access will be posted here

Step 2 - Email invitation will be sent to your SFU email address.

Have a question for us?
Email: orientation@sfu.ca

What is Step 1?

Introduces you to the academic culture at SFU, course terminology, degree requirements, and the wide range of support services and resources available to you.

How do I access Step 1?

Step 1 will be available here.

What is Step 2?

This Faculty-specific module will provide you with the tools and strategies to start planning your degree and enrol in courses. Learn more about SFU's first-year transition events and get to know your campus community. There are also specific modules for international students, FIC transfer students, Indigenous students, student-athletes and students living in residence.

How do I access Step 2?

Once you have activated your SFU ID, please allow up to five business days to receive your Faculty-specific course invitation. The invitation will be sent to your SFU email.

You will have access to University Prep anytime throughout your first year to review the content as you need it.

After completing University Prep you will be invited to your final transition course SFU 101. This course will help you prepare for joining the SFU community.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


