I

Whether you are seeking volunteer roles, trying to land a job, looking at further education and training, or just starting out in your career thinking, these resources can help.

This tool uses narrative assessment and meaningful conversation to connect the dots in your professional and personal life.

One-Life Tools

Access through a Career Education Specialist

SparkPath Challenge Cards enable you to discover career paths based on exciting challenges... not job titles.

Challenge Cards

Access through a Career Education Specialist

Information on occupations and possible career paths, along with videos and interviews of people currently working in those fields.

To access Career Cruising, please send an email from your SFU email account to career_resources@sfu.ca with the subject line "Career Cruising". You will promptly receive login information.

Get a real-world snapshot of the industry demand in careers you're pursuing and identify future employers.

This is your first step to exploring opportunities in your area of study and beyond. Expand your career ideas and see where different majors could lead you.

A Government of BC resource where you can explore the qualifications, earnings and projected demand of over 500 careers.

Learn More

Learn More

Learn More

Enroll in our self-directed Canvas courses to improve your resume & cover letter writing, interview and networking skills. Check out our full list of Canvas courses.

Enhance your interview skills and confidence - practice interviews online (24/7) and receive immediate feedback and insights with SFU InterviewPrep.  Create an account and get started.

LinkedIn Learning is a place where you can build your skills on all kinds of work and career-related topics. Available for free at most public libraries (not SFU Library). Log on using your public library ID.

LinkedIn Guys course will guide you to build and optimize a profile page, and start interacting and networking with an audience, alumni and other leads. Learning how to use LinkedIn, may even lead to landing a great job!

To sign up for this course, please send an email with the subject line "LinkedIn Guys" to career_resources@sfu.ca from your SFU email account. You will promptly receive login information to complete your registration.

 See the additional resources below to support you in your research and career exploration: 

Black Students

Indigenous Students

International Students

LGBTQ2s+

People of Colour

People with Disabilities

Phone: 778.782.3106 


Email: careers@sfu.ca


Instagram: @sfu.career

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


