I

"Only one in six 25 year olds are pursuing the same job they thought they would do when they were 17."

The value of your major is in the multiple career possibilities open to you, but try not to let your major define you. Your story includes your major, along with your skills, and knowledge, values, and talents, and how you want to be in the world.

Some of the options you may be considering now will look different by the time you graduate. Be curious, be open-minded, and watch for clues to help you make a few decisions that you can feel confident and excited about.

Focus on what might be possible with the variety of resources available and ask: how far and wide will my degree take me? what challenges do I want to tackle? where and how do I want to make a contribution?

Commit to taking a few small risks; action-taking leads you into the iterative process of discovery, and building flexibility, creativity, and engaging possibilities - that may just lead to something amazing!

At Career and Volunteer Services, we get asked “What can I do with my degree?” a lot. 

You might ask this question because you think your degree will define your identity and predict your job prospects, that fixed planning will lead to success, or that once you identify your ideal career, the next five years will unfold as planned. Simple, right?! 

The fact is you have a lot of exciting options with your degree. You can apply the knowledge and skills you developed through your studies and use those as a foundation to build on. You can grow into the variety of amazing work prospects ahead of you. 

However, the future is uncertain. Factors like technology, the state of the economy and climate, and political and societal changes are all influencing your ability to follow through on your plans. Plus, you will change, along with your values, interests, abilities, and the way you see yourself in the world. Maybe you have even changed as a result of reading this! 

As a result of these realities, the answer to the question, “What can I do with my degree?” depends partly on you and what you want to do, and partly on the work that needs doing.

And because of these realities, your expectations  might look a little different from the truth. Not in a bad way, just - different. This graphic helps tell the story.

Learn more

Do you identify as being focussed on a particular career or pathway? Do you have many possibilities? Or are you very unsure about where you might end up and open to ideas?

All situations are good and all are temporary because careers and life aren’t linear. No matter where you are right now, you are not alone. No matter where you are, we can meet you there.

To begin your career exploration, consider the following stages: 

Design Thinking is a solution-based approach to solving problems, useful for complex problems that are unknown or yet defined — such as “What does career mean to me?” or “What careers are right for me?”

Learn More

As you develop your career, you will need to do some research and take a few small risks, such as interacting with others or conducting information interviews. Networking, building connections, and learning about different careers and career paths are approaches to build knowledge and further exploration.

Learn More

Learning to talk about yourself with confidence is a life skill, and essential for developing your voice, your body of work, and your career.

Learn More

Here are some thought experiments that can lead to insights about career options and help accelerate your job search.

Learn More

If you are ready to apply for work, jump straight into job opportunities to see who is hiring today. If you want to develop your career and work search materials, move forward to our prepare section. 

Contact Us    Prepare    Job Opportunities

Phone: 778.782.3106 


Email: careers@sfu.ca


Instagram: @sfu.career

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


