I F T


Athletics



Camps


Welcome to the SFU Fitness Centre! Overlooking the Terry Fox Field, the SFU Fitness Centre has something for everyone! Inside our weight room, you will find a large selection of cardio and weight-training machines, free weights and exercise props. 

Membership is included for all students who have paid their Recreation & Athletic Fee, and have completed their waiver on go.sfu.ca

Community Members must have an active SFU Burnaby Recreation and Athletics Membership or Day Pass to use the Fitness Centre.


* You must be 15 years or over to use the Fitness Centre facilities. Adult supervision (19 years+) is required for members aged 15 and 16 years old.

* Women’s+ Hours are open to all participants who self-identify as women, non-binary, or Two-Spirit individuals who feel comfortable in women-focused spaces.
** Women's+ Hours on Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday are in a portion of the Fitness Centre and on Saturdays in the entire Fitness Centre.

 

The SFU Fitness Centre is located on the bottom floor of the Lorne Davies Complex (LDC) Building (Room 088). The LDC Building can be found near the West Mall Complex and just before Residence & Housing. There are access points from all levels. Directional signage to the Fitness Centre is posted throughout the complex.

Multi-level 12,000 square foot facility

Free Weights and Benches

6 Rowing Machines 

12 Treadmills

12 Ellipticals & 2 AMT’s

Stretching Areas

6 Squat Racks

3  Deadlift Platforms

Wheelchair accessible equipment – designed specifically for patrons with disabilities (eg. access equipment where the seat swings out of the way and a wheelchair slides in).  

Free orientations are available to instruct how to use the equipment. One-on-one programs (for a fee) are available for a prepared training program.


Free orientations are available to instruct how to use the equipment. One-on-one programs (for a fee) are available for a prepared training program.

Wheelchair accessible ramps installed on lower level – delineated path for wheelchair travel.


Wheelchair accessible ramps installed on lower level – delineated path for wheelchair travel.

Purchase your membership or day pass

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


