F T I


Parents and Guardians


Scholarships recognize outstanding academic achievement. Scholarships are available to Canadian and International students. If you are awarded a scholarship, Financial Aid and Awards will notify you in writing. Due to the high volume of applications received each term, payment of funds may not occur until the middle of the term of application. We encourage you to plan accordingly.

The Fall 2025 application is now closed. The Spring 2026 application will be open from December 22, 2025 to January 16, 2026.

View all deadlines 

The Spring 2026 application will open on December 22, 2025.

To apply for a scholarship, you must:


Challenge, audit and credit-free courses are not considered.

Enrolment in a Co-op term (3 units) does not satisfy the enrolment requirement, as it is not a standard graded course. 

A student with a disability is eligible to apply for scholarships if the student is enrolled in a minimum of 6 or more units of standard graded courses and meets all other eligibility requirements. At the time of application, the student has to provide a letter from SFU’s Centre for Accessible Learning (CAL) confirming that the student is registered with the Centre (CAL).

A student holding an SFU entrance award is eligible to apply for all other University administered scholarships. 

A student holding an SFU entrance scholarship is not eligible for any other University administered scholarship until the entrance scholarship is fully paid out. This policy also applies to any term in which an entrance scholarship is deferred.

Some financial aid is specifically available for Indigenous students only. Indigenous can be contextualized as “Indigenous peoples of Canada” to refer specifically to First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples.

Scholarships, Awards and Bursary (SAB) Database

For a complete listing, check out our online Scholarship, Awards and Bursaries database.

External Scholarship, Awards and Bursaries (SAB)

Information on our External Awards & Additional Resources is provided for general information purposes only. Students are responsible for researching eligibility requirements and deadlines.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


