F T I


Parents and Guardians


If you are living – or have lived – as a youth in care in BC, you may qualify for financial support to cover some of the costs of your education.

The Provincial Tuition Waiver Program (PTWP) waives tuition and fees for BC students who are former youth in care studying full-time or part-time at the undergraduate level. As of August 1, 2023, the PTWP is open to former youth in care of any age. If you think you may be eligible, please review these FAQ.

After reviewing the FAQ, if you believe that you are eligible for this program and are considering applying to SFU, we encourage you to connect with our team at fiassist@sfu.ca for next-steps and supports available in the application process.

Financial Aid and Awards will be in touch with students receiving the PTWP on an annual basis about the LFG and how to receive it.

The Learning for Future Grant (LFG) provides an annual grant of $3,500 per program year to students who meet the eligibility requirements for the Provincial Tuiion Waiver Program (PTWP) to assist with additional education related costs that are not covered by the PTWP (such as computers, supplies, and textbooks).

This program assists students receiving the BC Provincial Tuition Waiver enrolled in an undergraduate program. No application is required. Students are automatically considered for this funding at the time the funding becomes available (normally in week 3 of the Spring term, subject to availability of funding). 

SAJE's vision is to support services for youth and young adults with care experience as they transition to independence. As part of the SAJE Program, new Life-Skills, Training and Cultural Connections (LSTCC) Funding and Mental Health and Counselling Benefit is available to young adults.

The Agreements with Youth Adults (AYA) program can assist you if you have been in foster care or had a youth agreement. This program can provide assistance, with costs of things such as housing, child care, tuition and health care while you go back to school, or if you are attending rehabilitation, vocational or approved life skills programs. For more information, visit Agreements with Young Adults.

Email fiassist@sfu.ca, ATTN YIC Supports Navigator with any program questions that you may have.

BC Government Resources:

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


