F T I


Parents and Guardians


Co-operative Education is an educational model that formally integrates academic study with relevant, paid work experience. The standard Co-op program consists of periods of academic study combined with periods of work experience in appropriate employment fields such as business, industry, government, the professions, not-for-profit and community-based organizations.

Students participating in a Co-op work term are able to apply for and receive government-issued, student financial assistance, including both loans and grants (non-repayable funding). 

Participating in a Co-op work term is not considered to be the same as having a full-time job when applying for student financial assistance. When submitting their application, BC students applying through StudentAid BC must:

Contact a Financial Aid Advisor if participating in:


Enrolment in a Co-op work term is considered the equivalent of full-time study; therefore, a Co-op student may apply for In-Study Payment-Free status during their Co-op work term. This does not happen automatically. In-Study, Payment-Free status is also referred to as an In-Study, Interest-Free study period. Refer to In-Study Payment-Free Status (BC residents) for more information; otherwise, check with your province of residence. 

Students must submit a request for confirmation of enrolment on a term-by-term basis to update their student status through their National Student Loan Service Centre (NSLSC) portal.


Contact a Financial Aid Advisor for further information.

Students enrolled in an SFU Co-op work term only are not eligible to apply for scholarships, awards and/or bursaries administered by Financial Aid and Awards since the 3-unit Co-op work term is not a standard graded course. Students must meet the minimum eligibility requirements listed for scholarships, awards, and/or bursaries.

*Students enrolled in an SFU International Co-op work term are eligible to apply for SFU International Co-op Education Bursaries and/or the SFU International Co-op Education Awards.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


