F T I

SFU has partnered with Flywire to create a tuition payment plan option for students. This allows students to pay for their tuition in installments, and permits them to enroll in the next terms courses while a balance is still outstanding.

Payment plan students agree to pay the Fall 2025 fees and monthly interest charges in three or four installments.

The minimum account balance to sign up is $1,000.


Installment dates are September 1*, October 1, November 1, and December 1. Payment must reflect on goSFU each month before these dates in order to maintain good payment plan standing.

*All Payment Plans activated prior to August 26 will have 4 installments. Payment Plans activated after this date will only have three installments (October, November, December).

Payment Plan sign-up period is August 18, 2025 - September 16, 2025

You can pay using any of the accepted methods of payment for tuition. Your payment must be reflected on your goSFU account before the scheduled payment date. Missed payment(s) will change the plan status to “Defaulted” and block enrolment until all fees owing are paid in full.

Students may make payments in-person with a debit card at any one of our three campuses; there is no delay in payments made this way.

Make payments early through Internet Banking or Flywire:

Do I need to pay an installment on the tuition deadline of September 16, 2025?

No, the installment dates are September 1 (if you signed up before August 26), October 1, November 1, and December 1.

Will I have monthly interest charges if I am enrolled in the payment plan?

Yes, you will be assessed the 2% monthly interest charge even if enrolled in the payment plan so long as you have an outstanding balance. Interest is assessed after the tuition due date (September 16) and the first of each month thereafter.

You can reduce the amount of interest charge by ensuring your installments are paid on time, as the interest charge is 2% of fees still owing.

What happens if my payment is late or less than the installment amount?

If the payment requirements are not met each month, the plan status will be considered "In Default". If your payment plan is In Default, you may be blocked from enrolling in Spring 2026 courses until payment is received in full.

What happens to my installment amounts if I add/drop classes or receive a bursary/scholarship?

If you drop classes or receive a bursary/scholarship, it will be considered a payment towards your next installment. If you add courses, your payment plan will reflect a higher overall account balance. The resulted new balance will trigger the installment amount to be recalculated. To reduce potential issues, we recommend completing all course add/drops before signing up for the payment plan.

What happens if I apply for and receive government student financial assistance, such as StudentAid BC, OSAP or U.S. Direct loan funding?

When SFU confirms enrollment for Canadian and U.S. Direct Loan funding, we automatically deduct any outstanding tuition and fees, not just your next expected payment.  Please plan accordingly.  We encourage students to apply at least six weeks before their first day of studies each term to ensure that they receive their funding before the tuition payment deadline.

Can I make an installment payment early? Can I pay in full early?

Yes, you can make a payment towards the installment early or pay off the entire account balance anytime before the December 1 deadline. Accounts that pay in full early will not incur further monthly interest charges.

Am I required to pay on the first of each month or does my payment need to show on goSFU by the first of each month?

Your payment must show on your goSFU account by the first of each month. We recommend making payments at least three (3) business days (internet banking) or five (5) business days (International Payments) prior to the deadline to allow enough time for the payment to be processed. Credit and debit card payments are posted nearly immediately on goSFU.

I’ve made a payment or dropped a class today and my payment plan at Flywire hasn’t updated.

Please allow 1-2 business days for the payment plan to update and reflect any payments/changes made.

To avoid confusion, we recommend signing up/activating your plan after you have finished adding/dropping courses for the term.

What happens if I am unable to pay off the account balance by the end of the payment plan?

The SFU Collections payment plan comes with the following conditions:

If you have defaulted on your Flywire payment plan, and require an SFU Collections payment plan, please email student_collection@sfu.ca immediately.

*Any damage to your credit score may result in reduced lending amounts and higher interest rates for future loans.

Students signed up on the Payment Plan will be charged a 2% monthly interest charge after the due date (September 16, 2025) and on the first of each month thereafter. Only accounts that are paid in full are not charged interest.

 

If you're looking for Summer 2025 information:

If your question remains unanswered after reviewing the FAQ, please contact student_collection@sfu.ca. Be sure to include your full name and student number in all correspondence.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


