F T I


Parents and Guardians


SFU's Financial Aid and Awards Advisors can respond to your questions about government-issued student financial assistance, as well as questions you may have about SFU-based bursaries, scholarships, awards and other funding opportunities. 

Financial Aid and Awards
MBC 3200
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, BC  V5A 1S6
Canada

General inquiries: fiassist@sfu.ca 
U.S. Direct Loan: usloans@sfu.ca 
Open Scholarship: faawards@sfu.ca

Phone: 
778 782 6930

Hours of Operation:
Monday to Friday
10 AM to 12:30 PM and 1:30 PM to 3:30 PM

For questions about Graduate scholarships and awards, please connect with your Department or Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies.

Our Zoom drop-in advising sessions are meant to provide quick, timely responses for current and future students, including SFU alumni. 

Hours of operation:
Monday to Friday
1:30 PM - 3:30 PM 

Launch zoom meeting

For questions about tuition fees, payment plans, and refunds, connect with Student Accounts.

Email: student_accounts@sfu.ca
Phone: 778 782 6930


See LiveHelp hours

Contact Registrar and Information Services via LiveHelp for quick questions regarding goSFU, enrolment, academic dates and deadlines, tuition, University policies and regulations, transcript requests, SFU ID cards, form completion and custom letters. Sign in using your SFU computing ID through a secure connection.

Email: reginfo@sfu.ca
Phone: 778 782 6930
Fax: 778 782 4969

See LiveHelp hours

Book a 30-minute advising appointment with one of our Financial Aid Advisors.

If you're a current student and have an SFU computing ID, sign in through Advisor Link to book an in-person or virtual advising session with an Advisor from your success team.

Book an appointment

If you're a future student or an SFU Alumni, we can book you in for an in-person or virtual advising session with a Financial Aid and Awards Advisor by filling out a quick form. 

Request an appointment

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


