I

We provide free career guidance and support to students from all disciplines: undergraduate students, graduate students, and recent alumni up to a year after graduation.

Using contemportary career development resources and industry insights, we can talk about anything career-related, and help guide you through your career journey, whether you're just starting at SFU, about to finish - or somewhere in between! 

Career exploration

What are my options for the future?  What can I do with my degree? How can I prepare for what's next? Should I pursue further training or attend graduate school? 

Discover strategies and resources to empower you in finding your next step forward.  Career decision making guidance based upon your education, interests, work and life experiences.


Resume & Cover Letter

Effectively identify your skills and highlight your achievements, elevating your job application to stand out among the rest.

Important: Be ready to share a copy (physical or digital) at the appointment. Bring a copy of job posting if applicable. 

Curriculum Vitae (CV)

Similar to a resume, a CV is used to highlight education and accomplishments for academic positions or research-based opportunities.

Important: Be ready to share a copy (physical or digital) at the appointment. Bring a copy of job posting if applicable.

Work & Volunteer Search

Learn strategies and resources to improve your chance of successfully finding paid and/or volunteer opportunities.

Interview Preparation

Mock Interview

An opportunity to practice what to say and do at an interview and receive feedback from a Career Educator.

Note: This service is only available via referral from a Career Educator and must be booked through the Front Desk (not available on myExperience).  

Networking & LinkedIn

Learn how to make connections and develop relationships to get advice, referrals, and inside information from others in the field. Leverage tools such as LinkedIn to increase your connections, visibility and reach.

Private and confidential 50 minute 1-on-1 appointments available in-person at all 3 campuses or online via Zoom.  

You can book and manage your career appointments on myExperience. 

Select appointment by date, topic or Career Educator.

Book an Appointment

Shorter sessions available on a first come, first served basis:

Burnaby Campus:

Surrey Campus:

Online:

* Schedule may change. Visit the Career Event Calendar on myExperience for updates.

Check Drop-In Schedule

All 1:1 appointment bookings are done online via myExperience. No booking is required for drop-ins and group sessions. If you are experiencing any challenges with myExperience or prefer to speak directly with us, please call us at 778-782-3106 during our office hours (Mon - Fri, 9AM - 4:30PM) or email us at careers@sfu.ca.


Phone: 778.782.3106 


Email: careers@sfu.ca


Instagram: @sfu.career

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


