F T I

Each term, you will need to determine the number of courses you take.You’ll have several considerations to think about as you plan your schedule – and they can have effects on your academic progress, financial situation, lifestyle and timing for degree completion.

Planning is important to avoid situations when you’re unable to enrol in required or prerequisite courses, or desired courses due to:

Watch these video tutorials before enrolment to familiarize yourself with the process. You can also read about degree planning for degree requirements, and reach out to your Faculty Advisor for program-specific requirements.

Academic performance and success depend on your preparedness in taking on a higher course load. Good time management, diligent study habits and focus are key traits, but also consider:

Understand SFU's standard grading distribution scale and the minimum GPA needed to remain in Good Academic Standing (GAS). Keep these in mind as you plan your degree!

Tuition fees can influence your decision on course loads and the time it takes for degree completion. Try to think about:

Use our Cost Calculator to help you estimate your expenses each term and help you budget for the school year.

While the academic and administrative sides of the student experience are important, these are only part of the whole equation. You’ll still need to accommodate other things in your life outside of school—they can impact your ability to take on higher course loads just as much, as all these compete for your time and a window in your daily or weekly schedule:

The Work-Study Program gives students the opportunity to work in their field and participate in research-based projects part-time on campus. Work-Study hours are flexible and can make room for your obligations outside of academic pursits, while earning you income.

These are hands-on opportunities outside of the classroom that help you develop your skills, build your network and gain practical experience in your career. 

Good time management, focus and consistent study habits will support your progress throughout your degree. It’s also important to keep in mind:

Understand SFU's standard grading distribution scale and the minimum GPA needed to remain in Good Academic Standing (GAS). Keep these in mind as you plan your degree!

Academic and administrative responsibilities are important, but they’re only one part of your student schedule and experience. Your time outside of school also matters and plays a role in shaping what is achievable for your courseload and weekly routine:

The Work-Study Program gives students the opportunity to work in their field and participate in research-based projects part-time on campus. Work-Study hours are flexible and can make room for your obligations outside of academic pursuits, while earning you income.

Still need help deciding on your course load for the next term and beyond? An Academic Advisor can discuss your options and help you make informed decisions about getting your degree.

Book an appointment

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


