F T I


Parents and Guardians


The Work-Study Program is an opportunity to participate in research-based projects and earn a supplemental income. You will also gain valuable experience connecting with various members of the SFU community. Because a student’s first commitment is to study, Work-Study hours are flexible, on campus and supervised.

Work-Study positions are available during the Fall, Spring and Summer terms. Successful applicants will be awarded 140 Work-Study hours for a term. You must reapply each term you wish to be considered for the Work-Study program.

To qualify and maintain your eligibility for a Work-Study placement, you must:

Challenge, audit and credit-free courses are not considered.

Enrolment in a Co-op term (3 units) does not satisfy the enrolment requirement as it is not a standard graded course. 

Not all students who meet eligibility requirements will receive a Work-Study offer. Work-Study will only be offered to students with the highest demonstrated financial need.

Students will receive notification to their SFU email approximately six weeks before the start of the upcoming term. Eligible students will receive a "Welcome to Work-Study" email with details on how to apply for a Work-Study position.

Please note, the "Welcome to Work-Study" email will only confirm your eligibility to participate in the program and does not guarantee you will secure a Work-Study placement.

The Work-Study application link is only available during application periods. Late applications will not be accepted.

Eligible students will receive an access code to view available positions. Once you are offered and have accepted a position, discuss a mutually acceptable work schedule with your Project Supervisor, and complete and return all requested paperwork promptly.

The hourly rate of pay is $17.85 per hour, plus standard benefits.

Your Project Supervisor will have you complete the following forms:


These forms are required by SFU's Payroll department.

Once you have been entered into the payroll system, you are paid biweekly for the actual number of hours you complete.  You must report your hours to your Project Supervisor (or designate) who will convey the information to Payroll.  If you do not complete the full number of Work-Study hours you have been awarded, you will not receive the full amount of your award.

If you are an International Student, and do not have a Social Insurance Number, please see Instruction Guides for International Students

For more information, please visit International Services for Students, or contact intl_advising@sfu.ca.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


