F T I

Academic planning isn't just about choosing which courses you'll need to complete your degree. It's also about factoring in various parts of university life that can shape your academic development and student experience. Learning to lean on the network of support and resources at SFU will help you take steps toward your career goals and achieve educational milestones along the way!

Learn and understand how choosing your course load each term is essential to academic planning. Go

Connect with the right Advisor and discover resources for your degree academic needs. Go

Find resources and information to help you explore different options, manage your expectations and make informed decisions about completing your degree, whether you’re in your first or final year of study.

Learn how planning your course load each term is key to successful academic planning.

Go

Connect with the proper advisor and discover resources for your academic planning needs.

Go


Being intentional with course load planning each term can help you stay on track to completing your degree. The key to managing your course loads is to be practical, flexible and prepared! Review each section to learn more about course loads and:


Success looks different for everyone—how you define it is up to you! Learn how to manage your course loads, make empowered decisions around academic planning and enrich your student experience while at SFU. We'll provide guidance to help you toward completing your degree successfully.

If you’re a new or undeclared student, seek support for academic planning and degree completion. An Academic Advisor can help you plan your degree and map out program requirements, including your next steps if you're facing academic difficulty at any point.

Speak with an Academic Advisor

No matter where you are in your undergraduate studies, it's always a good time to check in to see how your academic plans are shaping your career development. A Career Advisor can help you explore a degree completion path and timeline that works for your career goals.

Speak with a Career Advisor

Enrolment at SFU affects your eligibility to study, work and stay in Canada, while a study permit depends on reasonable and timely progress towards completing your degree. Learn about specific enrolment requirements and discuss them with an immigration specialist advisor.

Speak with an International Student Advisor

Tuition, student fees and living expenses can add up, and may affect important financial and academic planning decisions. We'll help you explore your options for financial aid, supports and opportunities to offset education costs and find what works for you.

Visit the Financial Planning page

Each year, scholarships and awards are given to undergraduate students who meet eligibility requirements. Meet with an advisor who can inform you about course load requirements for financial aid options you're eligible for to help you plan appropriately.

Speak with a Financial Aid and Awards Advisor

Student-athletes must meet eligibility requirements to practice, compete and represent SFU in intercollegiate athletic competitions. Discuss course load requirements, maximum number of terms of participation and other steps with a NCAA Academic Advisor.

Speak with an NCAA Academic Advisor

Explore these additional channels to help you achieve your academic goals, whether directly or indirectly.

Find a balance between your personal life, your studies and your work as a university student. Learn how to be proactive with managing your health and well-being, and where to seek the appropriate support services and resources when you need them.

Plan for your health and well-being

CAL provides accommodations and supports for students with disabilities, promoting a fair and equitable academic experience at SFU. If you have a documented condition that requires accommodations, connect with CAL to learn how they can support you throughout your studies.

Learn more

Drop by the SLC at any SFU campus for academic guidance and resources to help improve your learning, reading, academic writing and study skills. Join workshops, peer learning sessions and collaborative discussions to help with writing your assignments and preparing for exams.

Learn more

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


