F T I

Prioritizing your well-being is essential to developing your potential as a university student and achieving your academic, career and personal goals. Explore the resources below to find guidance on nurturing well-being, learn to maintain balance between your student and personal life, build meaningful connections across the SFU community, and access support for when you need it.

 

 

Discover preventive resources and community-based support to nurture your well-being. Join student clubs, find safe spaces for yourself, seek expert advice, keep active, and more!

Go

A service that provides 24/7 mental health and well-being support for SFU students. Get real-time access to clinical counsellors, access to a digital library on related topics, and more.

Go

Get support for more immediate concerns about your physical and mental health, safety, and well-being. Seek medical attention, counselling, advising for student needs, and more.

Go

Jump to these sections →

Discover resources and community-based support for your well-being. Join student-led groups, find safer spaces, seek expert advice, stay active and more.

Go

A service that provides 24/7 mental health and well-being support for students. Access clinical counsellors and a digital library on related topics and more.

Go

Get support for immediate concerns for your physical and mental health, safety and well-being. Access medical care, counselling, student advising and more.

Go

Explore a variety of services and resources to support your lifestyle, finance, and academic needs, and help you establish balance in all areas of your student life, inside and outside of the classroom.

Find resources that support your identity—including race, gender, sexual orientation, disability or neurodivergence, spirituality, and international student needs.

Learn more

The Centre for Accessible Learning (CAL) supports educational equity for students with documented disabilities. Learn how SFU can help with your accessibility needs.

Learn more

Food-based initiatives provide students with inclusive, low-barrier access to food, proper nutrition and hygiene supplies, to help you meet your basic dietary needs.

Learn more

Everyone's financial situation is unique. Explore financial aid and supplemental income opportunities and establish a budget each term by using our cost calculator.

Learn more

Learn how to plan your courses each term, set realistic expectations for yourself and align your academic and career goals to successfully complete your degree.

Learn more

Find support for learning, reading, academic writing and study strategies, as well as English conversation and practice groups in this collaborative peer-learning space.

Learn more

Develop lasting friendships within the SFU community through shared interests, discover safer spaces on campus and establish social support for your well-being through community groups.

Choose from hundreds of student-led clubs to join, and connect, hang out with and learn from other members who share similar passions, interests, values and beliefs.

Join some clubs

A pro-feminist and sex-positive educational space for all students to access peer support, crisis referrals, safer sex and women's supplies, feminist literature and more.

Visit the Women's Centre

A nonjudgmental space where LGBTQIA2S+ students and allies can freely express gender identities and access peer support, crisis referrals, safer sex and sanitary supplies and more.

Visit Out on Campus

Connect with a diverse network of students, establish intercultural connections, share international experiences, and help foster an inclusive global community on campus.

Visit GSC

A connected community for Indigenous students (First Nations, Métis and Inuit) to access academic and wellness support, peer mentorship, counselling and guidance from Elders.

Visit ISC

A shared space to express and practice your beliefs, learn about other faiths, and support your spiritual well-being through events, activities, discussions, interfaith dialogues.

Visit the Multifaith Centre

Progress towards degree completion is a combination of many factors. Whether it's academic success, career exploration, financial aid or other concerns, SFU advisors are available to provide guidance for your goals. 

An Academic Advisor can help you map out your degree path, navigate your program requirements and discuss next steps if you face academic difficulties along the way.

Meet with an academic advisor

If you've declared your major and completed over 60 units, your Departmental Advisor can guide you through faculty and program requirements to complete your degree.

Find your departmental advisor

Reach out to a Career Advisor at any time for support planning your career after graduation and exploring opportunities during your studies to help set you up for success.

Meet with a career advisor

A Financial Aid Advisor can help you explore SFU scholarships, awards, bursaries, and other funding opportunities, including government-issued financial assistance.

Meet with a financial aid and awards advisor

An International Student Advisor can assist with study, work and stay eligibility in Canada, as well as medical insurance, your Social Insurance Number (SIN) and more.

Meet with an international student advisor

The Indigenous Student Centre offers resources to support Indigenous students' sucess including academic advising for undeclared students who have fewer than 60 units.

Meet with an Indigenous student advisor

Well-being includes both body and mind, and is actively strengthened over time through healthy habits. SFU Rec makes it accessible for students of all skill and fitness levels to maintain a healthy lifestyle.

Sign up for fun, inclusive programs like group fitness, yoga, dance, martial arts and more. Try something new for free during Trial Week before committing to a full term.

Learn more about SFU Rec

Drop-ins offer a casual environment for all skill levels, while intramurals offer organized recreational or competitive leagues. Join a sport or cheerleading club to connect and play!

Stay active at our on-campus facilities, including a 12,000 sq ft fitness centre, gyms and courts, outdoor fields, stadium, climbing wall, fitness studio, aquatics centre and more.


Student Support (formerly My SSP) is a free service for SFU students that supports your mental health and well-being throughout your studies, whenever and wherever you need it.


Read the Student Support FAQs for more information


Download the app or connect by phone

You can use Student Support if your well-being is impacted by:

Balancing personal, work, and academic priorities

Adjusting to a new environment or culture, or feeling homesick

Stress or anxiety related to your studies or uncertainty about plans after graduation

Relationship conflicts with family, friends or others

Isolation, loneliness or any other concerns—just reach out!
 

Health and counselling services are available to all SFU students. Our team of professionals and care providers supports students across all campuses through in-person, virtual and phone appointments. You can also review a range of self-guided resources to support your well-being.

If you're feeling overwhelmed and are in need of support, or if you're caring for a friend or peer in crisis, there are several options available for you to access urgent support.

Talk to someone now

Doctors and nurses are available by appointment to support medical concerns including new symptoms, sexual health, vaccinations, travel health, referrals, mental and overall well-being.

Visit medical services

Mental health professionals including counsellors, psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers and nurses, offer confidential counselling, safety planning and crisis support.

Visit Counselling Services

Your well-being journey is yours to navigate, and you can do so at your own pace. Dive into a self-guided library of online courses, seminars, videos, audio recordings, recommended apps and more.

Visit self-guided resources

International students can find social support to cope with the challenges of living in a new country, through one-on-one sessions with a transition case manager.

Find support for international students

Indigenous clinical counsellors offer one-on-one appointments at the Indigenous Student Centre. Connect with peers and access shared resources through the ISC Wellness Program.

Visit Indigenous Counselling Services

We strive to create safer and more secure campuses for all members of the SFU community, including students, to ensure a comfortable learning environment that supports your well-being.

Stay safe and feel secure on campus with programs like Safe Walk, where you can request a security escort to your destination 24/7, and other programs and services.

Learn more about campus public safety

Get confidential support if you've been impacted by sexual violence, assault or harassment, no matter when or where it occurred, or your gender identitiy or orientation.

Visit SVSPO

At SFU, you're entitled to learning, studying and working in a civil and respectful environment that's protective of your personal rights, dignity and well-being.

Learn more about your rights and responsibilities

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


