F T I


Parents and Guardians


Bursaries are a supplemental source of funding for students with demonstrated financial need; that is, they should not be treated as your primary source of funding.

Bursaries are available to Canadian and International students. You should be aware that you may not be awarded a bursary every term. Due to the high volume of applications received each term, the payment of funds to eligible students will be processed in the middle of the term of application, after the tuition payment deadline. We encourage you to plan accordingly.

To apply for a bursary, you must:

Challenge, audit and credit-free courses are not considered.

Enrolment in a Co-op term (3 units) does not satisfy the enrolment requirement as it is not a standard graded course. 

Please note: You do not need to specify the individual bursaries for which you want to apply.  If you are eligible, you will be considered for all available bursaries.

For a complete listing, check out our Scholarship, Awards, and Bursaries (SAB) database.

If you are a TSSU member (Teaching Support Staff Union) with children under the age of 13 (or over 13 in the case of special needs) you may be eligible to receive funding from the TSSU Member Childcare Fund. 

Learn more

TSSU membership is retained for two semesters beyond the last appointment as a TA, TM, Sessional Instructor or ELC/ITP Instructor.  Current TSSU members may apply to the TSSU Membership Child Care Fund each semester. 

The application is specific to this Fund and may be found here: TSSU Childcare Fund Application.  Eligibility requires both current membership in the Union (membership is retained for two semesters beyond the last appointment) and that one has children under the age of 13 (or over 13 in the case of special needs). For disbursement in that semester, applications must be received by the end of the third week of the semester.  TSSU decisions as to disbursements will be made by no later than the seventh week of the semester. Students will receive disbursements as a bursary. Non-students will receive disbursements as taxable income. The terms of reference are determined by the TSSU, and information provided in the application will be forwarded to the TSSU for disbursement decisions. Disputes as to amounts of an award are to be directed to the TSSU.

Late applications will be accepted, but disbursement will not occur until the following semester.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

fiassist@sfu.ca

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


