F T I

Discover the range of services available to you. Embracing diversity and inclusion, our staff can support your educational journey inside and outside the classroom.

If you have a documented or suspected disability, contact our Centre for Accessible Learning to discuss eligibility requirements and arrange for accommodation. Student volunteer opportunities also available. Learn more

Your physical, mental, and emotional well-being can impact your academic successs. Contact Health and Counselling Services to speak with a counsellor, or make an appointment for a health-related matter. Learn more

Self-identified Indigenous students (First Nations, Metis, and Inuit) connect in the centre's casual environment and participate in social programs that offer physical, mental, and spiritual support from the first day of welcome to the graduation honouring ceremony. Learn more

Provides various resources and advising on topics like immigration, and support for new students settling into Canada. You can also explore exchange and study abroad opportunities, and find support for students doing short-term studies at SFU. Learn more

Nurture your faith-based practices, and connect with students with similar or different spiritual backgrounds. Find community and care with Chaplain Chat + Support, social events and activities, and space for worship. Learn more

You are entitled to learn, study and work in an environment that is civil, safe and respectful of your rights, well-being and dignity. The Office of Student Support, Rights & Responsibilities helps students navigate challenges by offering personalized case management for situations that affect academic, learning or decision making. Learn more

Support is available if you have experienced sexual violence, no matter where it occurred. Connect anonymously or in person with any of our professional staff. Educational resources for staff and faculty are also available. Learn more

SFU offers convenient, comfortable on-campus housing options for students. As a resident, you'll find the support you need by connecting with the Residence and Housing team about residence life, housing protocols and other concerns. Learn more

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


