F T I

Mail Service Pick Up + Delivery     Residence Life  Guest Accommodations

Residence Administration Building, 
2010 Courtyard Residence
8888 University Drive SFU
Burnaby BC, V5A 1S6

Directions

Charles Chang Innovation Centre, 
308 W Hastings St, 
Vancouver, BC V6B 0P7


Directions

6:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. Regular hours and services

11:00 p.m. - 6:00 a.m. - Overnight hours and services:

778-782-4201

When the Residence and Housing Office is closed, emergency supports are available through:

housing@sfu.ca

Before moving out of residence and housing make sure to update your correspondents with your new mailing address. We cannot accept mail if you are no longer a resident and will return all mail to sender. 

Only Chang Centre Residents can forward their mail via Canada Post. 

SFU Residence and Housing will not accept any mail if you are no longer a resident and will return all mail to sender.

Mail Pick up is available 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.
The Residence and Housing front desk team will not accept grocery deliveries because of the perishable nature of these goods. Restaurant orders (via UberEats, DoorDash, SkipTheDishes, etc.) should be delivered directly to the appropriate residence building.

Burnaby and Vancouver pick up and delivery addresses

Your Name
Your Building, Your Room #
8888 University Drive, SFU
Burnaby, BC
V5A 1S6

There are 2 options for mail pick up - General and Amazon Lockers

General Mail Pick Up

Front Desk
Residence Administration Building
Courtyard Residence

Amazon Lockers

You can have your Amazon packages delivered to the amazon lockers located just outside of the Shell House building entrance. See below for details

EAST BUILDING (Grey)
Your Unit #
8650 University Crescent
Burnaby, BC
V5A 0G6

WEST BUILDING (White)
Your Unit #
8989 Highland Court
Burnaby, BC
V5A 0G7

Your Name
Your Unit # - 308 Hastings St West
Vancouver, BC
V6B 0P7

Note: when you complete the process, the map and address show that the locker is located outside of residences. The Amazon Hub Locker – Kaylum is located in front of Shell House in residences, while Gustava is located at the back of Courtyard Residence near the childcare facility.

Amazon Hub Locker Step-By-Step (PDF)

To pick up your package, do one of the following:

For Lockers that require a smartphone with the Amazon Shopping app installed:

Note: If you want someone else to pick up your package from an Amazon Hub Locker, simply forward the delivery confirmation email with the pickup code or the Start Pickup button to that person. If your package was delivered to a smartphone Locker, the person who's picking up the package on your behalf will need a smartphone with Bluetooth connection and the latest version of the Amazon Shopping App.

Monday – Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Weekends and Holidays: Closed

6:00 a.m. - 11:00 p.m. Regular hours and services

11:00 p.m. - 6:00 a.m. - Overnight hours and services:

778-782-4503

www.sfu.ca/stayhere.html

stayhere@sfu.ca

SFU Residence and Housing acknowledges the Traditional Coast Salish Lands including the Tsleil-Waututh (səl̓ilw̓ətaʔɬ), Kwikwetlem (kʷikʷəƛ̓əm), Squamish (Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw) and Musqueam (xʷməθkʷəy̓əm) Nations.

Residence Administration Building, 
2010 Courtyard Residence
8888 University Drive SFU
Burnaby BC, V5A 1S6


Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


