F T I YT LGIVE TO SFU

It is our collective responsibility to ensure all who teach, learn, research and work at SFU feel a sense of belonging, inclusion and mutual respect. Despite our efforts, we are aware that incidents that impact individual and collective well-being and personal sense of safety can happen.

SFU has a number of dedicated offices in place to help support our community members through difficult situations and where possible, provide further protection from harm. If you or someone you know have experienced or observed an incident and are in need of support, you’re invited to connect with any of the following supports.

In an emergency, please call 911.

Campus Public Safety is also available 24/7 for urgent assistance and provides emergency support, first aid response, and help to guide emergency responders (fire, ambulance, police) to the right place on campus quickly.

See information about emergency procedures here.

These offices provide supports to faculty, staff and students who share or disclose their experience. In some cases, the offices may recommend a report be submitted, and next steps will be reinforced through SFU policies and procedures.

If you have witnessed or observed wrongdoing and/or experienced reprisal, you may make a disclosure of wrongdoing, seek advice about making a disclosure or make a complaint about reprisal through the Public Interest Disclosure Act (PIDA) or GP41 - Safe Disclosure of Wrongdoing ("Whistlerblower") Policy. Visit the Safe Disclosure webpage for more information and/or to make a disclosure.

Bullying and harassment is prohibited at SFU. As a first step, make an appointment to report and discuss the incident confidentially with the Anti-Bullying Specialist at the Bullying and Harassment Central Hub.

Want to know more about our process? You can view our scope and jurisdiction here: Policy GP 47: Bullying and Harassment Hub.

If you would like confidential advice on how to manage a situation involving potential discrimination or discriminatory harassment, please contact the Human Rights Office.

How does the Human Rights Office address concerns about discrimination based on personal characteristics? See Policy GP 18: Human Rights Office.

The Sexual Violence Support and Prevention Office offers free and confidential support, information, and guidance for all SFU students and employees who have been impacted by sexual violence. Please contact an SVSPO case manager for support.

Want to learn more about our approach to addressing and prevention of sexual violence? Sexual Violence and Misconduct Prevention, Education and Support [GP 44]

You can request Safe Walk assistance at any time. Call the Campus Public Safety non- emergency line at all three campuses. 

Burnaby: 778.782.3100
Surrey: 778.782.7070
Vancouver: 778.782.5029

Report all incidents, suspicious activity, hazards, or near-misses immediately to Campus Public Safety. 

Reactions to traumatic events that create a strong emotional reaction can vary between individuals. 

Learn about the signs and symptoms of critical incident stress and the supports available.

As a student at SFU, you are entitled to learning, studying and working in an environment that is civil, safe and respectful of your rights, well-being and dignity.

You may have experienced or observed a situation and want to better understand your rights and responsibilities as an SFU community member. Contact the Office of Student Support, Rights and Responsibilities, for support and guidance on how to navigate next steps.

Sometimes situations arise which require you to think about how to plan your academic journey and considerations you should be mindful of. See our undergraduate academic planning supports.

Graduate students can contact their Graduate Program Assistant or connect with our Academic Graduate Student Support Specialist (gsupport@sfu.ca) for guidance.

Our S 10.05 Student Conduct Policy sets out SFU’s expectations for student behaviour, processes available to address complaints and procedural fairness.

You don’t have to struggle alone. Get support from our Health & Counselling team.

You can also contact My SSP, our 24/7 Student Support Program to access different time zones, languages, and specific types of counselling support.

For faith-based supports, see the Multifaith Centre website: For many, religion forms a big part of a person’s identity. SFU's Multifaith Centre encourages students, faculty, and staff to express and practice their faith. It offers faith care and wellbeing support, including one-on-one support with a chaplain, weekly group meetings, social events, and space for students, staff and faculty of faith.

Accommodations help create equal educational opportunities for students with disabilities – whether that be for physical or mental health reasons. Contact the Centre for Accessible Learning (CAL) to speak with someone who can advise on your situation and understand next steps.

Understand your financial commitments, learn more about various forms of financial assistance available to SFU students, and important deadlines to remember. See helpful tools such as an undergraduate cost calculator or a graduate budget calculator. 

As faculty at SFU, your terms and conditions of employment and expectations on respectful relationships are outlined in the SFU/SFUFA Collective Agreement.

Your supervisor or Dean is the first point of contact for any inquiries. You can also connect with our team of faculty relations advisors within the faculty relations office.

Faculty Relations

As faculty, you have a voice that is important to public conversation. See resources to support you if you receive unwanted attention from members of the public about your work.

Faculty Spokesperson Harassment Program

Faculty and staff can consult with the Office of Student Support, Rights & Responsibilities when concerns about a student’s safety, well-being or impact upon others is present. We will work with you to ensure appropriate responses and level of supports are provided to students.

Office of Student Support, Rights & Responsibilities

Teaching is a rewarding and demanding career that requires juggling multiple responsibilities and timelines. In supporting student learning and managing classroom dynamics instructors invest a significant amount of time moderating their own emotions in order to care for and attend to the emotions and needs of others (Harvey, 2022). Prioritizing your own well-being is not only beneficial for you but also enhances your ability to provide quality education and support to your students.

Strategies to make teaching manageable

Faculty members, instructors, and TAs/TMs are invited to try out quick strategies to support well-being in their own classes, tutorials, and learning environments, and have their students participate in a survey to evaluate its impact. 

Tools for Well-being in the Classroom

All who are employed by SFU have terms and conditions of employment that set expectations on respectful relationships between the University and its staff and with each other. For more information, view your Collective Agreement.

Your supervisor or manager is your first point of contact for any inquiries. You can also contact Employee and Family Assistance Program (EFAP) to access individual counselling with certified counsellors at no cost to the user. Contact EFAP at 1-800-663-1142.

If you are a People Leader, you can also connect with your Strategic Business Partner.

Staff, faculty, and students can contact the Conflict Resolution and Investigation Specialist (CRIS) to receive confidential guidance, informal coaching, and conflict resolution support related to a workplace conflict or interpersonal conflict. Staff, faculty, and students are welcome and encouraged to include their union representative/support person as needed. 

Connect with the CRIS by emailing clivings@sfu.ca.

Faculty and staff can consult with the Health and Counselling office when concerns about a student’s safety, well-being or impact upon others is present. We will work with you to develop an approach to appropriately intervene, and provide support for the student.

Health & Counselling: Information for Faculty and Staff

Simon Fraser University is committed to creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive community where all feel welcome, safe, accepted and appreciated. We recognize that to do this effectively means to align our work towards academic quality, diversity and inclusion and organizational excellence. It will take all of us, working together to maintain an environment of inclusive excellence that we can be proud to be part of.

Learn about our expectations and how to help us maintain our commitment to inclusive excellence.

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


