F T I

Welcome to SFU’s residences where the space you live in is shaped by the unique personalities and diverse community that lives here. When you choose to live in residence, you join a diverse community that encourages academic success, self-discovery and exploration.

Join Jose as he shares with you what a typical day in the life of a student resident is like, as he takes you through residences, campus and class. Your university experience starts HERE.

Apply Today    Housing Options    Undergraduate Admission Requirements

You read that correct! When you live in residence at SFU, your room is yours and only yours. That means no sharing - no roomies, no bunkmates, and no having to divide every square inch of your room with someone else. When you live on campus, you get to create your rooom however you like. PSA: Every fall we run our Coolest Rooms contest to see who has the best room in residence. Don't miss out.

All Rooms Include: mini fridge, mirror, desk, chair, closet, bed, storage drawers, shelves

Welcome to Alexia's world. A student athlete on the women's wrestling team. Watch Alexia as she takes you through the day in the life of a student athlete living at SFU's Burnaby campus. Take a tour of SFU campus through Alexia's eyes including a trip to the library, gym, and more. You Belong HERE.

Don't take it from us! At SFU Residence, we believe in creating a real-life, unfiltered and organic experience for our residents. We call it: For Students. By Students. About Students. See from personal experience, direct from the perspective of student residents and see what it's like to live in residences. Check out our Instagram and YouTube channels and never miss an experience. Learn everything you need to know about living on campus at SFU.

INSTAGRAM    YOUTUBE 

Compared to students who commute, students who live in residence have...

Students who live in Residence show higher GPAs and graduation and retention rates from 1st to 2nd year, have a greater sense of community, are more comfortable navigating the SFU campus and are more satisfied with the overall university experience. What's not to like about living in residences. Take a few minutes and find out which community is right for you.

 

With over 2,300 undergraduate students (2,550+ overall), it's no wonder that SFU provides you with an opportunity to meet new people from all walks of life. Living in residences can be some of the best times in your life. From meeting new friends, to late night study session, to just hanging out, living in residences at SFU means your steps away from everything.

 

11

Buildings

9

Communities

2

Campuses:
Burnaby + Vancouver

160+

GRADUATE
STUDENT RESIDENTS

 

80+

GRAD + FAMILY
STUDENT RESIDENTS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

As part of living in SFU Residence, students will have an opportunity to take part in various programs and initiatives focused on supporting their academic learning as well as their personal and social growth. While many of our programs are run by our Residence Life team, we collaborate frequently with Campus Partners, ensuring that residents are connecting with the resources available to them on campus while learning from topic experts, including our Multifaith Centre, Health Promotions Team, Campus Public Safety, and The Sexual Violence Support & Prevention Office. While our programming changes year-to-year to meet the changing needs of our students, some programs and initiatives have previously included:

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


