F T I

Living in SFU residences allows you to explore endless opportunities, create new experiences and lifelong friendships and pursue passions. Here we will guide you through the application process and everything you need regarding how and when to apply. We invite you to join our community of learners. The road to residence has never been easier.

Learn the Process. Pick the housing type that's right for you. Join our community of over 2,100 students from around the world.

1

Housing Options

See what SFU Housing has to offer. Compare housing and housing eligibility.
Learn More.

 

2

Pick your term

Review all requirements and steps. Familiarize yourself with fees, dates and more.
Learn More.

3

Understand the process

Review SFU's Housing Eligibility, Specialty Floors, Application process including what to expect.
Learn More.

4

Apply

It's never been easier to apply. Click. Update. Apply. It's that simple.
Learn More.

Customize your housing experience

At SFU Residence and Housing, we have something for everyone. Whether you're an undergraduate or graduate student, international or domestic, or meet the criteria for our family housing, SFU residences is the perfect fit for all SFU and FIC students.

Undergraduate First Year Guarantee for Fall/Spring contracts starting in August/September

You must meet the following requirements:

APPLY NOW

Undergraduate


Graduate


Graduate & Family Housing

Housing Comparison & Eligibility

Pick your term. Review your fees. Know what to expect.

Spring 2026 Term
 (Starting in January)
 (Applications now open)

Summer 2026 term 
 (Starting in May)
 (Applications Open December 1)

Fall 2026 Term
 (September - December)
 (Applications NOW OPEN)

Take your time and understand the process and what you need for a successful move in


Application 
 Process


Accepting 
 Your Offer


Room Assignment


Move Into Your Community

Click. Update. Apply. Accept.

Steps 1 & 2

Setting up and making your selection

Create Your Account

Create your account using the
MyPlace@SFU Housing Portal

Pick Your Community
Select the space that's right for you and meets your needs

Steps 3 & 4

Confirming and monitoring

Apply

Apply to live in residences through your MyPlace@SFU account. Pick your term and your preferred housing accommodation.

Stay Connected

Check your SFU email and our social channels. Stay updated so you don't miss anything.

8888 University DriveBurnaby, B.C.Canada V5A 1S6 

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


