Please complete one of the following prior to booking a study abroad advising appointment:

Events - Study Abroad - Simon Fraser University

Watch this 3-part video series on the basics of studying abroad.

Once you've attended and Exchange Info Session or watched Study Abroad 101, you can start doing more research on the specific program(s) that interest you.

International Services for Students (ISS) programs:

Other international opportunities are available to SFU students. Please note these programs are not administered by ISS.

If during your research, you have any questions about programs run by ISS (Exchanges or Field Schools), you can connect with us for advising in the following ways:

You can email your questions to the Study Abroad Advisor for the program you are interested in studying. Be sure to include:

Exchange: studyabroad@sfu.ca (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) or saofficer@sfu.ca (Asia, South Pacific, and the Americas)
Field Schools: fieldschools@sfu.ca 

Graduate students can book an appointment by emailing studyabroad@sfu.ca or saofficer@sfu.ca with your availability and intended destination. 

Log into your Advisor Link profile with your SFU computing ID and password and book your 20 min Study Abroad appointment online. Our appointments are currently conducted via Zoom or phone. 

If you do not see the Study Abroad Advising Team (General) on your Success Team you may request us to be added by emailing studyabroad@sfu.ca with the subject: "Advisor Link: Study Abroad Advising Request" including your full name and SFU student ID.

Tip: Add a Student Note to your appointment if there are specific things you would like to discuss in your appointment. 

Need help?

International Services for Students (ISS) Office

Hours: Monday - Friday 9 AM - 12 PM and 1 PM - 4 PM (except holidays)

  Mailing Address:

  International Services for Students
  Simon Fraser University
  MBC 1200, 8888 University Drive
  Burnaby, BC, V5A 1S6 Canada

 

Instagram

Simon Fraser University
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, B.C.
Canada V5A 1S6

