International Student Orientation

All new international undergraduate and graduate students beginning their studies at SFU this Spring 2026 are invited to our multi-part orientation series to get transition support and make connections.

Have you checked out our Welcome Guides? These resources offer a step-by-step checklist for new international students preparing to begin their studies at SFU.

Y  Pre-Arrival Virtual Sessions:

Y  Post-Arrival In-Person Sessions:

The orientation series includes both pre- and post-arrival sessions. Some sessions are essentials to complete, while others are optional and will be clearly indicated.

i Please obtain tickets for each event to receive important details, announcements, and reminders.

SIGN UP FOR THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENT ORIENTATION SERIES o

Attend this live virtual info session to learn about timely topics to prepare for your time at SFU, and get your questions answered. Session topics include:

i Please Note: For course planning advice, please contact your academic department.

Study Permit & Travel Tips

Date: Friday, November 14, 2025

Time: 4:30 PM - 6 PM (PT)

Where: Zoom (details will be sent to registrants via email)

Attend this live virtual info session to learn about timely topics to prepare for your time at SFU, and get your questions answered. Session topics include:

Medical Insurance for International Students

Date: Monday, November 17, 2025

Time: 4:30 PM - 5:45 PM (PT)

Where: Zoom (details will be sent to registrants via email)

Attend this live virtual session to get tips from current international students to make the most of your time at SFU. Student panelists represent international undergraduate and graduate experiences from various faculties. Session topics include:

International Student Panel

Date: Tuesday, November 25, 2025

Time: 4:30 PM - 6 PM (PT)

Where: Zoom (details will be sent to registrants via email)

This optional session offers undergraduate transfer students an opportunity to ask questions, learn about campus resources, and connect with staff.

Undergraduate Transfer Student Q & A

Date: Thursday, December 11, 2025

Time: 3 PM - 4 PM (PT)

Where: Zoom (details will be sent to registrants via email)

Once you arrive at SFU, join us for an in-person info session designed to help you settle into life at SFU. Get important updates, attend topical group advising sessions, and have your questions answered by our staff.

In-Person Info Session

Date: Thursday, January 15, 2026

Time: TBA

Where: Global Student Centre (AQ 2013)

These in-person welcome socials are for all new and returning international students to make new connections and engage in fun peer-led activities.

International Student Welcome Socials

SFU Burnaby

SFU Surrey

Service Canada is coming to the SFU Surrey campus to help you obtain your Social Insurance Number (SIN) on campus. A Social Insurance Number (SIN) is a 9-digit number that the Canadian government requires for taxation purposes. You must have a valid SIN in order to be paid for any work you do in Canada.

Social Insurance Clinics

SFU Burnaby

SFU Surrey

Zoom & Technical Requirements:

To attend our virtual sessions, you must have access to internet, and a working computer. Registered participants will be provided with a link in advance via email to access the online space. Our live virtual sessions will be offered via the online platform Zoom. Learn more about SFU Zoom features, tools, and privacy.

Accessibility:

We strive to host inclusive, accessible events that enable all individuals, including individuals with disabilities, to participate. To request an accommodation or for inquiries about accessibility, please contact us at sfu_global@sfu.ca.

Case-specific Enquiries:

For any case-specific enquiries regarding your immigration documents and travelling to Canada, please do not hesitate to get in touch with an International Student Advisor.

? Have questions?

If you have questions about International Student Orientation Series, please email us at sfu_global@sfu.ca.

Instagram

Livechat
778.782.4232
intl_advising@sfu.ca

