Virtual Exchanges are a new, accessible way to internationalize your degree and your resume. You can gain credit towards your SFU degree by taking online classes at one of SFU’s exchange partner institutions, from the comfort of your own home, a cafe, or wherever you like. Why do a virtual exchange?

Build your network abroad

Build your network abroad and explore global opportunities: possibilities to connect with fellow students and professors while exploring the possibility of graduate school and future employment possibilities.

Gain international perspective on your degree

Study your subject matter through a new lens, or study new topics.

Develop skills and knowledge valued by employers

There are opportunities to learn new ways of problem-solving, to work in global teams and build intercultural communication skills.

Continue your degree progress

The courses you take on virtual exchange can transfer back to SFU. You can also do a part-time virtual exchange and take a course or two at SFU in the same term.

Participate in multiple international education programs during your SFU degree

Depending on eligibility students may participate in a field school, exchange or short-term summer program before or after a virtual exchange.

Y Application OPEN

For Summer 2026, Fall 2026, and Spring 2027 Exchanges

Application deadline: January 10th, 2026

Apply Now!

Exchange Terms Available

How to find Virtual Exchanges:

How to apply:

You apply for a Virtual Exchange using the exchange application. The exchange eligibility and selection criteria apply to Virtual Exchanges as well. 

Costs and Funding:

Continue to pay tuition and student fees to SFU, and save money on travel and living abroad costs! The University of California, Berkeley - Summer Sessions is the only fee-paying VE program that will require direct tuition payable to the host institution.

While virtual exchanges are not eligible for study abroad specific funding (such as the Suite of Study Abroad Awards), students may be eligible for general loans, scholarships, awards and bursaries. Connect with SFU Financial Aid and Awards to discuss your options.

Instagram

Simon Fraser University
8888 University Drive
Burnaby, B.C.
Canada V5A 1S6

