F T I

Many faith traditions are a part of the Multifaith Centre. These traditions are connected with a chaplain and provide many community events. Find your community today.

Join in. Ask questions. Learn about Faith.

That's okay! Come by the centre, send us an email, or check out some events!

Contact Arlene Kinee for more information

We exist to support all who live, work and study at SFU as we journey together in the Way of Jesus. We are students connected with the United Church of Canada and are open-minded, inclusive, affirming, and crazy about Jesus. We believe the story of God is actually good  and liberating, live-giving, life-changing, full of purpose… and also kinda weird too. We care about you, whether you’re a Christian, exvangelical, deconstructing, nothing at all, curious, hesitant—know you are never alone. Want to learn more? Connect with us on Instagram @campusunited.sfu


Contact Daniel Martin for more information.

CCO is a catholic university student movement dedicated to evangelization. We challenge young adults to live in the fullness of the Catholic faith with a strong emphasis on becoming leaders in the renewal of the world.

Contact Benedict Carlos or Miguel Andres for more information.


The Shia Imami Ismaili Muslims are a community of ethnically and culturally diverse peoples living in over 35 countries around the world, united in their allegiance to His Highness the Aga Khan (known to the Ismailis as Mawlana Hazar Imam) as the 50th hereditary Imam (spiritual leader), and descendant of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his family). Connect with us online through Facebook or Instagram @sfu_isa or through email.

Contact Ayaan Lalani or Erina Patani for more information

InterVarsity at SFU is seeking to see transformation of students and graduates, in all their ethnic diversity, into fully committed followers of Jesus Christ. We seek to see students grow in their influence and learn valuable servant-leadership skills to love and serve their fellow students at SFU. Connect on Facebook and instagram with: @intervarsitysfu

Contact Victoria Moon for more information

The MSA is involved in providing a space for Muslims to pray, learn, meet others and get involved in the community as well as many other activities. We strive to meet the following three objectives:
1. To provide and facilitate religious services on all three campuses;
2. To provide and facilitate educational programs on Islam;
3. To provide space and opportunities for creating a sense of Muslim community at SFU.

Contact Yousef Ibrahim for more information

We promote Jewish life on campus and beyond, providing a warm, welcoming environment where students in BC are able to grow religiously, culturally, socially and ethically. Our programs and events reflect the diverse interests and needs of our members, build valuable leadership skills, and help to create a long-term impact in the Jewish community and beyond.

Contact Kylynn Cohen for more information

SFU Power to Change (P2C) is a community that wants to mobilize students to a life of adventurous faith. We have weekly, 1-hr Discipleship Groups for individuals to meet and discuss faith online as well as online community events where students can hang out, discuss, and have fun together. Join our community on Discord

Contact Jeremy Low or Andrea Marcu for more information

Contact mfcadmin@sfu.ca for more information

The Point's vision is to see people come to authentically know and Love God, to Love the People of our community as Christ loves us, and to Serve All so that they may have a glimpse of what the Kingdom of God looks like, and be welcomed into it. Connect with us in person and Online, and on Facebook or Instagram.

Contact Christianah Fakunle or Mac Johnson for more information

UCM SFU is a Christian community of students at SFU desiring to know and love God. We seek to love and support one another, care for our campus, and tell others about Jesus. Connect with us on IG!

Contact Megan Tan or Milly Cash for more information

Do you have questions about faith? Are you looking for spiritual direction? Or you just want somone to listen? Connect with us.

Chaplain Chat + Support

8888 University Drive
Burnaby, B.C.
Canada V5A 1S6

Simon Fraser University respectfully acknowledges the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Úxwumixw (Squamish), səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), q̓íc̓əy̓ (Katzie), kʷikʷəƛ̓əm (Kwikwetlem), Qayqayt, Kwantlen, Semiahmoo and Tsawwassen peoples on whose unceded traditional territories our three campuses reside.

Terms & ConditionsPrivacy policy© Simon Fraser University


